{START OF EPISODE 01}
Chief: Good afternoon, 86.
Dr. Albert Hellman, America's most brilliant gerontologist, bacteriologist and orthodontist has been murdered.
Dr. Hellman has just recently concluded 40 years' work on the Theory of Hellmanivity.
That Theory is now believed to be in the possession of KAOS's top agent, the Leader.
CONTROL has never been able to learn the identity of this cunning and ruthless agent.
But we do know that he has plans to get the Theory out of the country sometime tomorrow night.
That doesn't give us much time.
That doesn't give us much time.
Should he succeed in delivering Dr. Hellman's Theory to KAOS headquarters in Europe, the human race will be faced with extinction - through Hellmanitis.
- What is that?
Chief: I don't have to tell you what that is.
Your assignment is to discover the identity of the Leader, and recover the Hellman Theory.
Should you decide to accept this assignment, this department will disavow any knowledge of your actions.
Should you decide not to accept it, you're fired.
Good luck.
As usual, this tape will self-destruct in exactly five seconds.
Maybe six.
Good afternoon, 86.
Dr. Albert Hellman, America's most brilliant gerontologist, bacteriologist and orthodontist has been murdered.
Dr. Hellman has just recently concluded 40 years' work on the Theory of Hellmanivity.
That Theory is now believed to be in the possession of KAOS's top agent Good afternoon, 86.
Dr. Albert Hellman, America's most brilliant gerontologist, bacteriologist and orthodontist has been-- Good afternoon, 86.
Dr. Albert Hellman, America's most brilliant-- Good afternoon, 86.
Dr. Albert Hellman, America's most brilliant gerontologist   Who's there?
It's me 99.
Let me in.
I'm sorry, 99, but I can't let you in until you prove to me that it is really you.
Come on, Max, it's really me.
Sorry, 99, but you know the new CONTROL protective code.
I cannot open that door unless I am absolutely sure that it is really you.
Oh, it's you.
Come on in.
Oh, I see you've picked the agents for the new assignment.
Hey, how come my photograph's not in the accepted file?
Oh, yes well, you see, 99, it's like this: I decided-- You're not taking me on this assignment, are you, Max?
Uh-- no, I'm not.
You can't leave me out of this one, Max.
This is the most important case that's ever been given to CONTROL.
This could mean the end of the world.
That's exactly why I'm not letting you go on this mission.
If it's gonna mean the end of the world, I wanna make sure that you're all right.
That doesn't make any sense, Max!
dangerous assignment!
Every assignment is dangerous.
You don't understand, 99.
You're a girl!
Why do you want to go out all the time, getting shot at?
I mean, what kind of a life is that for a nice girl?
You'll wanna get married someday, settle down, have a family.
After all, 99, you're a very attractive person.
Are you trying to tell me something, Max?
- Yes.
- What?
- You can go on the mission.
- Oh.
I'd better call the Chief and let him know about it right away.
- I'll get him for you.
- No, 99, this is top security.
I'll use my garter phone.
Why are you wearing two garters?
How do you like that?
They tapped my garter phone!
I'll use the jacket phone.
Hello, CONTROL?
This is Maxwell Smart.
Put me through to the Chief.
Max, that's terrific!
I'd love to have one of these for my apartment.
Make sure you have it custom-made.
Don't get one off the rack.
Max, this is the Chief.
- Hello, Chief, this is Max.
- What's up, Max?
Chief, I've picked the agents for my mission.
- I'm going to use-- - Hold it, Max.
We've discovered a security leak here at headquarters.
Do not divulge any information on the phone.
Look, Chief, we've got and recover the Hellman Theory-- -  - I have to hang up.
- My other jacket's ringing.
- Where can we talk?
The safest place would be in a jet at 30,000 feet.
Max: How come we're the only ones aboard, Chief?
Security-- I'll fill you in as soon as we're safe at 30,000 feet.
Pilot: Chief, we're now flying at 30,000 feet.
Good.
Now, Max, listen carefully.
We just received a call from an informer who told us--  - That's incredible, Chief!
- Take it down.
Chief, there's one thing I forgot to mention.
- What's that?
- It's top secret.
Take it up.
Pilot: Chief, we're at 30,000 feet again.
- Go ahead, Max.
- Well, you see, Chief  - Any more questions?
- No, Chief.
Take it down.
As soon as we land, Max, there'll be a car waiting for you to take you to the record shop for your rendezvous.
- Right, Chief.
- Are you sure you remember everything?
I remember every single thing - Good.
- except the address.
Maxwell Smart?
Yes, and this is Agent 99.
- Crazy.
- Thank you.
- Have you got the information?
- Yes.
But first, let's put this record on and play it nice and loud so no one will hear us.
-  - Good idea.
The Leader has the Theory.
- What?
!
- The Leader has the Theory and he's getting it to KAOS tomorrow night!
We know that, but how is he getting it to them?
What?
!
How is the Leader getting the Theory to KAOS?
By Telstar tomorrow night between 9:00 and 10:00 on a big TV show relayed to Europe!
Listen, I've got a good idea: we don't we leave the record off and just talk softly?
- Crazy.
- Good.
- Now what's the rest of it?
- That's it.
That's it?
!
What about the Leader, who's the Leader?
Oh, for that, I'd better put the record on.
Ow!
Man, that's sharp!
- Who is the Leader?
-  - Max!
The needle!
- Of course!
The old poison-needle- in-the-phonograph trick!
Max, look, that man!
- You stay here.
I'll get him.
- Right.
Chief: As soon as we're up, I want a full report on everything that happened at the record shop.
Right, Chief, and I'll tell you about the killer that got away.
Not here, Max!
Don't talk until we're at 30,000 feet!
Pilot: Chief, we're now flying at 30,000 feet.
- Chief: Go ahead, Max.
- Well, you see, Chief  Chief: You didn't get to find out who the Leader is, you didn't get the killer-- you didn't get anything!
Max: No?
What about this bump on my head?
Chief: Take it down.
You're to meet me in an hour at CONTROL's secret laboratory.
You know where that is?
You do know where that is, Max?
Max: Now don't tell me.
Gee, Chief!
I didn't know you could play the trumpet.
-  - What'd you say, Max?
I said I didn't know you could play the tr-- Take five.
It's a brilliant piece of work, Dr. Simon.
Oh, thank you.
And it can play any song.
All you'll have to do is say the title into the mouthpiece.
- Amazing.
- Well, what's it for?
Max, we've discovered that the informer was a trumpet player with Herb Talbot's Tijuana Tin.
Oh, the Tijuana Tin.
I love them-- I have all their albums, Chief.
He told you that Dr. Hellman's Theory would be sent out of the country during a television show tomorrow night - between 9:00 and 10:00, right?
- Right.
Herb Talbot's Tijuana Tin are doing a television special tomorrow night between That's terrible, Chief!
They'll be killed!
- What do you mean?
- They're on opposite a movie-- nobody'll watch 'em.
Max, you're missing the point.
We think Dr. Hellman's Theory has been transposed into music and that they're going to play it out of the country tomorrow night during that television special.
- Precisely.
- Well then, that means that one of the musicians in the Tijuana Tin could be - the man we're looking for.
- That's right, but which one?
I know every musician in that group.
I've dated them all.
Tell me, Dr. Simon, which one of these musicians would you say is cunning enough and treacherous enough to stop at nothing to get what he wants?
All of them.
They'll be needing a new trumpet player, Max, and that's going to be you.
But Chief, I don't know anything about playing the trumpet!
But with this trumpet, you don't have to know how to play.
You see, this is a computer trumpet.
You just tell it the song you want it to play, then finger the valves as though you're actually playing it.
Two minutes, Miss Simon.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I have to go.
Now we've gotten 99 a job in the chorus.
She'll contact you if she discovers anything.
Now remember, Max, you've got to find out which song the Theory has been transposed into and stop it from being played.
Dr. Simon, this is the most fantastic invention I've ever seen in my entire life.
CONTROL should have more scientists like you.
A lot more.
- Good luck, 86.
- Thank you.
- I'll be seeing you.
-  Not you, dummy.
Take five.
Talbot: Okay, everybody, take a break.
Let's be back on stage, ready to go on camera in 30 minutes.
Uh, you, Logan, come here.
Logan, I thought you played great horn this morning when you auditioned, but man, you've been knocking me out all day!
How come I never heard of you before?
Huh?
Oh, yes!
I've been playing in Rome for the past five years.
I just got back last week.
Did you ever play with Phil Felini?
Uh, Phil Phil Felini?
Yes, as a matter of fact, that was my last job.
- How was Phil?
- Who?
Oh, Phil!
Yes yes.
Well, he's been working very hard and he's very tired.
And when I saw him just last week, he didn't look too good.
Phil Felini's been dead six months.
Well, in that case, he didn't look too bad.
Psst, Max.
- Is that you, 99?
- Yes, Max.
You know something, 99?
I like you with a mustache.
- Max.
- Don't shave it off.
Come on, Max.
Get in here before they see us.
- What did you find out, Max?
- Nothing, 99.
I've been over all the music they're gonna play tonight, - and no sign of any code.
- What are we gonna do?
The show starts in less than a half an hour.
Yes, and we still don't know who the Leader is - or how he plans to-- - Shh!
Headquarters been informed the Hellman Theory will be in the first number we play tonight?
Yes, but I think we ought to go one more time.
All right, let me have it.
Hmm.
And one and two "Seven, C, four, one, one, t--" So that's how they plan to do it.
Then Talbot must be the leader.
Of course Talbot is the leader, 99!
No wonder we could never find the leader.
Who would expect that the leader would actually be called "the Leader"?
If KAOS wanted to hide the identity of the Leader, then they never would have called the leader "The Leader" unless they expected us not to believe that the Leader was really the Leader!
Could you repeat that, Max?
I don't think so.
E equals zero.
Great.
Your hand was precise and clear.
Good.
I'll be seeing you.
- What's that, Max?
- "I'll be seeing you".
It's a great old Tommy Dorsey hit.
My trumpet is out there playing without me.
It's one of those computer trumpets.
- It plays any song great.
- How do you know?
It's exactly like mine.
That man is no musician.
He's a CONTROL agent.
Find him and kill him.
Come on, 99, let's get outta here.
There they are.
- It's locked, 99.
- Which way, Max?
Well, I'd say the best way is that way.
Max, in here.
No, they must have gone the other way.
-  Excuse me.
- I'm so sorry.
Sorry about that.
Hold it, you two.
Max, we're trapped!
We'll have to barricade ourselves in this room.
Get these chairs and put 'em against the wall.
Right, Max.
This won't stop 'em, but it'll slow 'em up a little bit.
- I guess this is it, Max.
- It's my fault.
I never should have allowed you to talk me into taking you on this assignment.
Don't say that, Max.
If anything is going to happen to us, I'd rather it happened like this-- while we're together.
It won't be long now, Max.
I have to tell you.
What is it, Max?
Well, we've known each other for a long time, and, well, we've been through a lot of things together.
- Go on, Max.
- Well it's just that I-- well, I have to tell you how I really feel about you.
I've wanted to tell you for a long long time, but I just-- well, I've never been able to find the right words.
You see, 99, it's not easy to say well, it's not easy to say To say "I love you," Max?
Yes.
Well, why don't you let me say it for you?
I love you, Max.
No no, 99, that's not what I want to say.
I wanted to say, "I love you, 99".
No, I'm saying I love you too, Max.
- You do?
- I always have.
You know, it's kind of a shame we had to discover each other when our lives are in such terrible danger.
It would have been so much more romantic if we could have been having a candlelit supper at your apartment and sipping champagne, and then saying how much we love each other while we're dancing on your terrace.
Oh no, that would be more dangerous than this-- I don't have a terrace.
Oh, Max, I'm so glad you love me.
You know, 99, if we could get outta this trap, I'd marry you.
- You would?
- Of course I would.
Now that you mention it, Max, - There is a way out.
- There is?
What about the old double-door-deception trick?
- It just might work!
- Of course!
The old double-door- deception trick!
It just might work!
If it does, we'll get outta here alive, and then we can be married.
Max, don't you want to get out of here alive?
I'm thinking.
Max!
Hurry, Max!
- Ready?
- Ready.
- Ready?
- Ready.
Now, 99, that takes care of the Leader.
If only he had used his music for niceness instead of evil.
And now we can be married, Max.
Yes, uh, married.
Max, you did mean what you said, didn't you?
Oh, Max, it's beautiful.
There's just one thing I'd like to know, 99: why didn't you think of a way out of here before I asked you to marry me?
Well, I didn't have as much to live for then.
{END OF EPISODE 01}{START OF EPISODE 02}
Could you pass this to the young lady, please?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, let me help you.
an unscheduled landing in Boise, Idaho, in exactly five minutes.
Plug into phone jack #2, instructions are coming through from headquarters.
- Where are the earphones?
- In there.
Excuse me.
Good morning.
McMillann speaking-- you're about to land in Boise, Idaho.
From there a car will take you to Twin Falls.
Max, that's where we're going-- Twin Falls.
- My mother lives near there.
- Oh really?
If you get a chance, you should drop in and see her, 99.
Well, you too.
She'd love to meet her future son-in-law.
For several months now, the CIA has tried without success to make a breakthrough on Case 1173 known as Operation Starch.
Two hours ago, the President of the United States ordered that this case now be turned over to CONTROL.
Chief, you may now bring agents 86 and 99 up to date on what you already know about Operation Starch.
And now stay tuned for the CIA sports and weather.
What is Operation Starch, Chief?
Let's go up front where we can talk more privately.
All right, Chief, what is this Operation Starch?
Operation Starch is probably the most diabolical scheme ever devised by KAOS.
Max, will you put down that "Peanuts" book?
Oh, sorry about that, Chief.
But this is really a funny part where Snoopy is following the Red Baron down-- I'm not interested in Snoopy or the Red Baron.
Oh, you're a Charlie Brown man?
I'm a frustrated man.
KAOS has destroyed almost 90% of America's potato crop.
Oh, I didn't know that, Chief.
It's been our government's most closely-guarded secret.
Well, I can see why.
Americans love potatoes.
That's right, Chief.
Potatoes are as American as pizzas or tacos.
- Chief, I just had a potato last night.
- No, you didn't, 99.
That was artificial-- made scientifically from edible, flavored foam rubber.
- A foam rubber potato?
- That's right, 99.
Well, now that certainly is a tribute to our scientists, Chief.
I mean, the Russians may be way ahead of us in the moon program, but we're ahead of them in rubber food.
KAOS is demanding that we pay them $10 billion or they'll destroy all of our crops.
- How are they gonna do that?
- That, 99, is our assignment.
Chief, 99, it's the Red Baron!
Max, you've been spending so much of your time reading "Peanuts" book, you're starting to see things!
- Maybe it's something you ate.
- But it couldn't be, 99.
All I had today was an order of ham and eggs and a side order of french-fried foam rubber.
Dr. Leviathan, I'm the Chief of CONTROL and this is Agent 86 and Agent 99.
- How do you do?
- Hello.
Boy, 99, it's a good thing he's not with CONTROL.
- What a number he'd have.
- We were told to contact you.
Oh, fine.
We'll have to talk while I work.
I'm the food analyst and I have to taste all of this.
- Am I sitting?
- Yes.
Oh good.
Sometimes it's hard to tell.
Doctor, could we see one of the potatoes that was destroyed?
Oh, certainly.
- 99: Looks all right to me.
- Max: Me too.
Watch.
It's amazing.
Do you have any idea how it was done?
Dr. Leviathan: We first thought that some sort of bug had penetrated the potato jacket and eaten the inside.
Well, that's it, 99.
The case is practically solved.
Now all we have to do is to find a fat bug.
However, we dropped that theory.
We've dropped that theory, 99.
We now think that some sort of new poison was used, something that could permeate the potato shell - and destroy the pulp.
- But how would that work?
- We don't know.
- We must find out.
We have no idea what KAOS will hit next.
It could be another vegetable.
Or fruit.
Or even meat, Chief.
Who knows?
At the next roundup, we might find a lot of empty cows.
- Would you like some sugar?
- Oh, no, that's saccharin.
I'm trying to watch the calories.
Doctor, is there any area where the potatoes haven't been destroyed yet?
Only one-- I want you two to cover that area.
Oh, Chief, could we stop off on the way?
My mother lives near there.
I know she'd love to meet Max.
Well, 99, looks like she's not home.
Max, you haven't even rung the doorbell yet.
- Oh.
-  Don't be so nervous, Max.
She's going to love you.
I told you, 99, she's not home.
- Darling!
- Mother!
Come in.
Come in and close the door.
He's a little bit nervous about meeting you, Mother.
Isn't that cute?
Come on, Max.
Max, this is Mother.
Mother, this is Maxwell Smart.
How do you do?
Any friend of my daughter's is a son-in-law of mine.
- Come in.
- Thank you, Mrs. uh - Mother.
- Mrs. Mother.
"Mrs. Mother".
Isn't that cute?
Mother, you just call Max "Max" and, Max, you call Mother "Mother".
- All right, 99.
- "99"?
Oh, uh, Max and I have pet names for each other.
Sometimes he calls me "99," sometimes I call him "86".
Isn't that cute?
You can call me "38," if it isn't taken.
- Oh.
- No no no, it isn't.
Well - tell me about your trip.
- This certainly is a nice place.
Would you like to have some coffee, 18?
No thank you, and the number's 86.
a good head for numbers.
so much about you.
- It's 99.
- Of course.
What must you think of me-- a mother who can't remember her own daughter's number.
So you're in the greeting card business?
- Huh?
- Yes, I wrote to Mother and told her that we both work at the same greeting card company.
Oh, yes yes, that-- that's right.
I think people who write greeting cards are so talented.
Recite one of your cards for me.
Huh?
One of my cards, yes yes.
Uh, one of my cards.
Uh, for what occasion would you like it?
- I mean for what holiday?
- Oh, let me see.
Easter.
Easter, yes, that-- that's a good one.
Easter.
Oh!
Here we go.
Uh here comes Peter Cottontail hopping down the bunny trail, - hippity hoppity.
- Hoppity hippity.
Hoppity hippity.
Bringing to every little girl and boy lots of baskets of Easter joy to make their Easter bright and gay.
Now do "Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer".
Mother, Max is very modest about his work.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your shoe is ringing.
Mother, Max must be absolutely famished.
- Do you have anything in the kitchen?
- Yes, dear.
I've got some hors d'oeuvres all ready to be served.
Great, I'll help you.
Hello, Chief.
Max here.
Check.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
No, Chief, I haven't had a chance to check out the potatoes.
Look, I can't talk anymore.
I'll check them out and then I'll get back to you.
All right, Chief?
Bye, Chief.
- Where's Max?
- Behind the couch talking to his shoe.
Oh, here he is.
Did you have a nice chat with your shoe?
Yes, well, I can explain that, Mother.
Oh, don't bother.
My husband used to always talk to his suspenders.
- He did?
- Sometimes he talked to his belt.
He was a very strange man, but a good provider.
Max, why don't you have some hors d'oeuvres?
- Max: It's the Red Baron!
- Oh, he's not the Red Baron.
That's Mr. Smith.
He bought the spread across the way about a month ago.
- He's a gentleman farmer.
- Dressed like that?
I figured he was a weekend hippie.
Come, have some hors d'oeuvres.
I'm sorry, Mother, but 99 and I have to go for a walk.
- Now?
- I know this is going to be hard for you to understand, but this is an emergency.
The entire fate of our nation is at stake.
Darling, I understand perfectly, but couldn't it wait till after lunch?
Slow down, 99, you might trip!
Come on, 99, let's get over by that haystack.
We can probably get a better view of Smith's house from there.
Right, Max.
I'd better climb to the top and take a look, 99.
Max, you can't climb a haystack.
There's no support.
You can if it's firmly stacked.
I'll check it out.
Ah!
- What happened?
- A needle.
Max, I was raised in the country and I'm telling you you cannot climb a haystack.
And I was raised in the city, 99, and I say that climbing the haystack is the same thing as climbing a wire fence-- the big secret is in getting a running start.
- What do we do now?
- We find a wire fence and climb it.
- Oh Max.
- You look over there, I'll look here.
I found it.
It was right on the wing.
"On the wing"?
Max, there's an airplane in here!
Of course!
The old airplane-in-a-haystack trick!
- I'd better call the Chief, 99.
- Right, Max.
Smart!
- It's Mr. Smith!
- It's the Red Baron!
Both: It's Siegfried!
You bet your sweet shoe phone it's Siegfried.
- We meet again.
- So, Siegfried, you're the one who's responsible for trying to destroy - the potato crop.
- Exactly.
But that knowledge will do you no good.
You see, I'm going to shoot you both, push you in front of the spinning propellers and drop you from 18,000 feet!
This is the last time we'll meet, Smart!
You mean you're not coming to the wedding?
All right, Smart, I have some bad news for you.
Your government has refused to pay us the $10 billion we demanded for not destroying the rest of the crops.
Now I have to kill you.
Kill them, Siegfried.
Let me let them have it!
-  - Uh, Starker, this is KAOS.
We don't  here.
-  - Now it is most important that you understand something that I want to-- but before you die, Smart-- and you too, cookie-- you will see how the genius of KAOS has exterminated virtually all of your potato crop.
A crop-dusting plane.
Yes, and it's a genuine Fokker D.Vll.
Boy, I'll bet Snoopy would like to get this baby in his sights.
You like it?
I built it myself from a model kit.
You take one piece and stick it together with-- it's made by a small company in Argentina.
So that's how you've been destroying the potato crops.
Exactly.
I offer the farmers free crop-dusting, but instead of insecticide, I spray a newly- developed bacteria, a bacteria capable of entering the potato by osmosis.
And once inside, it eats up the entire potato and burps and dies, leaving no trace.
And Siegfried flies home victoriously.
Stop!
We don't ptt-tt-- here!
Now I shall destroy the rest of your potato crop.
And I will attack your broccoli, your rhubarb, your squash, and last but not least,  your kumquats!
You really know how to hurt a guy, don't you?
But first, the propellers are waiting to cut you to smithereens!
Switch on!
Contact!
Siegfried, do you mind if I take off my coat?
It's brand-new and I don't want to ruin it!
Starker, take care of them!
I'm on my way.
What are we gonna do now, Max?
We've gotta get in touch with the Chief, 99.
I'll tell you what we'll do: we'll write a note, and we'll tie it to the leg of one of these chickens.
Max, chickens don't fly.
Then we'll find one that can run fast.
Max, look!
- Agh!
- What happened?
Oh!
Stepped right on that rake, Chief.
That hurt.
I know.
How did you know we were here, Chief?
I stopped by the house and 99's mother told me you were here.
You came just in the nick of time, Chief.
I would have been here sooner, but she made me stop and eat first.
-  - Siegfried!
He's gonna finish off the potato crop!
Come on.
Max: Good.
He thinks he's got us.
There goes the potato crop.
You know, Chief, I've always wondered about that.
How many potatoes are there in a crop?
It all depends-- Boy, that's a lot of crop.
Look, he's coming back!
Sure.
Now he's after our kumquats.
We've got to stop him, Max!
We can use the telephone at my mother's house.
Oh, did you have a nice walk, children?
Not now, Mother.
This is an emergency.
Another one?
I didn't know the greeting card business was that exciting.
I'll go get dinner.
- Where's the phone, 99?
- I'll get it.
Hello, Operator?
Give me the commanding officer at the nearest air force base.
This is an emergency.
Hurry.
Hello, Colonel?
This is Maxwell Smart of CONTROL.
It's urgent that we get a jet plane immediately in order to prevent a national disaster.
Now, I'm 40 miles north of Twin Falls.
Where's the closest place that we can find an air force fighter?
Ankara, Turkey?
- Nothing closer?
- Nothing closer?
Yes, Colonel, I know we have planes all over the world.
But do we have any in this country?
How about some of the older jets?
How about some of the older jets?
- We sold them to Germany and Japan.
- That's great.
After all, Chief, we shot all of theirs down.
How about P-40s from World War II?
How about the P-40s from World War II?
- Israel, Chief.
- P-47 s?
How about the P-47 s?
We sold all those to the Arabs.
Listen, Colonel, tell me, does the Spirit of St. Louis still fly?
Max.
Thank you very much, sir.
It looks as though Siegfried's won.
Wait a minute, Chief.
He hasn't won yet.
I know where there's a plane.
Chief, you're not gonna let Max go up in this old thing!
Of course not, 99.
I'm going after Siegfried myself.
Oh!
Sorry about that, Chief, but you're too important to CONTROL.
Until we meet again, 99.
Darn fool kid!
Oh, he's caught up with Siegfried!
Look, Chief.
Chief, Max is in trouble!
He's gonna jump!
He's jumping without a parachute!
Nice jump, Smart!
Thank you, Siegfried!
Give me a hand!
Certainly!
Here's a hand!
Don't tell me you'd shoot an unarmed man in midair!
- Of course I would!
- I asked you not to tell me that!
He's got him, Chief!
All right, Siegfried, take her down!
Darling, your dinner's getting cold.
Where's your fiancé, 81?
He's up there, Mother.
Well, what do you think of him?
Oh, I like him.
I think he's very nice young man.
Strange, but nice.
Is he really in the greeting card business?
Yes, of course.
Why do you ask?
Oh, I don't know.
Your father used to always say he was in the greeting card business.
- And wasn't he?
- Didn't you know?
Your father was a spy.
{END OF EPISODE 02}{START OF EPISODE 03}
Well, we've almost made it.
I just checked with the stewardess and we should be landing in approximately Don't worry, Busby.
You're in good hands.
Except for one thing-- you're not Busby.
He doesn't even look like Busby.
- Busby?
- 86.
is to protect me, not go gallivanting around the plane.
Let's not forget that the last four couriers on this run have disappeared in midair without a trace.
Don't worry, Busby, I'll get you and the information safely to Cape Kennedy.
Listen, 86, why don't you carry the attache case and I'll protect you?
Is something bothering you, Busby?
Yes, something's bothering me-- I could get killed, and I've got a wife and a family.
Come on, 86, let's trade places.
After all, what have you got to lose?
You're single.
But I'm engaged.
Haven't you heard, Busby?
99 and I are getting married.
I didn't know that.
I hope you'll be very happy.
She's a lovely girl and a wonderful spy.
- Yes, she is, isn't she?
- How long have you known her, 86?
Oh, I've known 99 since she was 24.
I thought Huffiger was 24.
Your plane will be landing in just a few moments, sir.
- May I take your cup?
- Oh, I'll get that.
Oh!
I-- I'm so sorry, sir.
Please forgive me.
Yes, forgive her, Busby.
- It wasn't her fault.
- He forgives you.
May I get something to clean off your suit, sir?
Don't bother.
I'll do it myself in the restroom.
Hold it a second, Busby.
I'd better go with you, make sure you're all right.
We can't be too careful, you know.
I'll stand guard outside here.
Hurry it up, Busby.
The fasten-your-seat-belt sign just went on.
Busby?
Busby!
- Oh, Miss.
- Yes, may I help you?
I seem to have lost something.
Well, if you describe it to me, maybe I can help you find it.
Yes, well, it was a black attaché case about-- oh-- so big.
Morocco leather, beautiful case, and let's see oh yes, there was a man attached to it.
I don't understand it.
I just don't understand it!
I sent you on a special mission to protect Busby and an attaché case crammed with top secret information and all we've got to show for your work is this flight bag!
You're lucky you got that, Chief.
I had to fight an old lady at the baggage counter for it.
- She said it was hers.
- It was hers, Max, unless there's something about Busby we don't know about!
Well, how could five couriers disappear into thin air?
Particularly Busby.
He was being guarded by one of our own agents!
What is it with you lately, Max?
!
To tell you the truth, I've had a lot on my mind lately.
- Such as?
- Such as-- well, such as 99 and I, we've been working a lot together lately and over the years we've spent a lot of time together, and well-- well, you see, Chief, I've come to think of 99 as something more than just another pretty spy.
You see, sir-- well, sir, what I'm trying to say, sir, is-- What he's trying to say, sir, is that he's asked me to become Mrs. 86.
That's what I was trying to say, sir.
Well, that's delightful news.
- When did it happen?
- A few days ago.
It's just delightful.
I can't tell you how exciting that is to me!
- I couldn't be more pleased!
- Then you approve?
No.
Well, it's not that I don't personally approve, but you know how CONTROL feels about agents marrying each other.
I know, Chief, but she's a girl.
We'll discuss this later, Max.
We have a much more pressing problem at hand.
These disappearances have all the earmarks of a KAOS plot, a devious way of throwing a monkey wrench into our missile and space programs.
That makes five top couriers who have disappeared and it's got to stop.
- It's going to, Chief.
- How can you be sure?
Everyone's transferred out of the courier department.
I wondered why no one volunteered for this run.
How about me, Chief?
I mean, I really feel that I'm the right man for the job.
After all, I was on that flight with Busby.
I feel I owe it to him.
Now that you mention it, Max, you'd be the perfect man for the job.
You were on that flight with Busby and you'd be able to detect a pattern if there was one.
I get it, Chief.
You want me to find out how they're doing it.
No, I think the key to this is to find out who is doing it.
Oh, right.
If I find out how they're doing it, then I will know who is doing it.
- Why?
- Hmm?
- Why?
- Uh, yes.
Why, Chief?
Why what?
Why, if I find out how they're doing it, - will I know who is doing it?
- Because if you find out who is doing it and how they're doing it, it stands to reason you'll find out why they're doing it.
That's why.
When?
You can go now, Max.
Oh, Max and 99, I'd like to give you permission to be married, but the department has a very good reason for being against marriages.
They can cause all sorts of problems for agents.
- Like what?
- When two agents get married, it's bound to affect their performances.
They begin to think more about personal matters rather than their work.
Chief, that's ridiculous!
You know that Max and I are agents first, last and always.
That's right, Chief.
We'll never let any personal matters stand in the way of the security of our nation.
Well, I'll see what I can do.
Remember, Max, you're to start on your assignment immediately.
Aw gee, Chief, do we have to start tonight?
We wanted to go out and look for furniture.
Chief: See this man coming now?
Max: No.
No wonder.
You've got your drapes drawn.
- Now do you see him?
- Yes.
Chief: You'll notice he's wearing a parachute.
Max: I hope he's not the pilot.
Max, he's a parachute salesman.
His name is Tolliver.
We've checked the passenger manifest and he's one of three people who've been onboard every flight on which we've lost a courier.
Well, then that's it, Chief.
He's our man!
Don't you see?
He lured Busby into the restroom, murdered him, then put a parachute on him and threw him out that little window.
Max, how can you throw a man Busby's size through that little window?
Well, I didn't say it was easy.
Here's the second suspect now.
Dr. Hugo Von Shickel.
Von Shickel was one of Germany's top scientists who came over to our side after the war.
Well, who does he work for, the army or the air force?
The Whizz-Bang Toy Company.
Well, that sounds innocent enough.
Oh, you think so?
Then how come our toy stores are selling some of our best weapons before we get a chance to test them?
Yes, but they wouldn't go so far as to kill to get our plans.
Don't underestimate them.
You'd be surprised at how many lives were lost over the Hula-Hoop.
Here's suspect number three.
- Max: That's amazing.
- What's amazing?
How quickly they get them up and around after brain surgery.
Max, that's Shandar the Great, the famous magician, illusionist and escape artist.
Well, then that's it, Chief!
He's the guy that we're after!
I've seen his act!
He's a terrific magician!
He can make people disappear just like that!
That's what happened to those couriers!
Max, Shandar deals in illusion.
He can't really make people disappear.
Oh really?
Tell that to Busby.
Man over P.A.: Last call for passengers departing on flight 276 for Miami.
- Please board at gate 7.
- All right, Max, get going.
Remember, keep those three under close surveillance.
Right, Chief.
Don't worry.
I'll get this information through.
Oh, don't worry about that, it's empty.
That's just in case you don't make it, we haven't lost anything of value.
- Are you all right, sir?
- Oh yes, I'm fine, thank you.
I'm just a little nervous about flying.
You see, I've always felt that if the Lord had meant us to fly, - he'd have given us wings.
- That's a very profound thought.
Yes, well, it's not really my thought.
I heard the pilot say that just before we took off.
Um, may I put this away for you?
- Thank you-- oh!
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
Did I hurt you?
- No no, that's quite all right, Miss - Miss Cleveland.
Miss Cleveland?
Oh yes, you came in second in the Miss America contest.
No, my name is Barbara Cleveland.
Oh.
Haven't we met somewhere before, Miss Cleveland?
- No, I don't think so.
- Oh.
That's funny.
I never forget a face.
Well, if there's anything I can do for you, please call.
- Here's your coffee, sir.
- I didn't order any coffee.
- Take the coffee, Max.
- 99!
- What are you doing here?
- I'm backing you up on this assignment.
Would you like something from our pastry tray?
Uh, yes, the cheese danish looks very good.
Uh, I think you'd be happier with a donut.
But I don't want a donut, I want a cheese danish.
Take the donut, Max!
It's a two-way radio!
I think I'm being watched and it's the only way we can communicate.
You talk into the coffee and you listen to the donut.
Why can't I listen on the cheese danish?
Max?
taken this assignment.
- Why not?
- Because we shouldn't be on the same mission together.
What if anything happened?
What would happen to our children?
Max, we don't have any children.
That's just it.
Those kids'll never grow up to know their parents.
Max, this is no time for jokes.
Now listen carefully.
Max, the three suspects-- I put one in the seat behind you, one in the seat in front of you and one right across the aisle.
In other words, you've got me surrounded.
Wait a minute.
One of them may be making his move.
He just threw away a pack of matches.
Maybe it's a message.
"Hotel Excelsior.
Urgent.
Meet me in the lounge right away".
Hmm.
That's not going to do me any good now.
Why not?
Because the Hotel Excelsior is in Chicago.
Max, I think he means the lounge right here in the plane.
Pardon me, sir.
May I have your donut?
- Why?
- Mine isn't working.
Tolliver.
Tolliver.
Here, pretend you're reading this.
First of all, my name isn't Tolliver and I'm not a parachute salesman.
I'm a double agent working for both sides and I can tell you who's behind the disappearances of the CONTROL couriers.
These disappearances are the work of-- wait a minute.
I want to finish reading this.
You haven't heard a word I've said.
I've heard every word you've said.
- I just don't believe you.
- Why not?
Because if you really were a double agent and you knew who was responsible for all these disappearances, you wouldn't be sitting here telling me about it.
You would be dead.
That's why I don't believe you.
- I just don't believe you.
-  Now I believe you.
- Max, what happened?
- He's been drugged.
- How do you know?
- Because of something he said to me - just before he passed out.
- What was that?
- "I've been drugged".
- Max, look.
This cork!
Maybe that was the stopper on the vial that held the drug.
If that's so, whoever drugged Tolliver might still have the vial on him.
Well, then it would have to be Dr. Von Shickel or Shandar the Magician.
They're the only two suspects left.
- We'll have to search them.
- How?
I could put some knockout drops in their coffee, and then, after they're unconscious, we could search them.
Mmm, that's a good idea, but first let's get Tolliver into one of the restrooms.
I don't want anybody to find out about this just yet.
Right.
- Open the door, 99.
- It's occupied, Max.
Hurry up!
This is an emergency!
What do you think this is?
That one's vacant, Max.
Is that your hand in my pocket?
Uh, well, why don't we look and find out?
Yes, that's my hand.
Well, why did you remove it?
Did I say something to offend you?
Look, Dr. Von Shickel, I just want to know one thing.
- Mmm?
- What is this?
That is a gun I designed for children who do not like to wash their face!
- How does it work?
- Here, I'll show you.
Pull the trigger.
- What did you find out, Max?
- Well, I searched Von Shickel and he didn't have the vial on him, so it must be Shandar the Magician.
No, I searched Shandar myself, and he doesn't have it either.
Well, it has to be one of them, 99, - and I say it's Shandar the Magician.
- And I say it can't be.
But we can't eliminate both of them.
We won't have any suspects left!
Here's your coffee, Mr. Smart.
Thank you.
This is the 12th cup of coffee that girl has served me.
She almost as bad as the stewardess who gave all that coffee to Busby.
She's the same girl!
Now wait a minute, 99.
That girl had blonde hair.
Max!
She's wearing a wig!
- You mean she's bald?
- No, Max.
Don't you realize?
You were right.
She was on the flight with Busby.
on something.
-  - Uh You check with the Chief.
Find out if she was a stewardess on any of the flights the missing couriers were on.
- What are you gonna do, Max?
- I'm gonna check this restroom.
It's obvious she was trying to get Busby into this restroom the same way she's been trying to get me in.
Only this time I'm going to beat her to it!
Unlock the door.
I thought we put Tolliver in here.
- Must've been the other restroom.
- No, Max, it was this one.
- But he's gone!
- How could he be?
Obviously the same way they got rid of Busby and the other couriers-- a sliding panel or something.
I've got to search this room.
Max, do you think you ought to go in there?
After 12 cups of coffee, I have to.
Man over P.A.: Call for the Chief on the sandwich phone.
I'm glad you called, 99.
I was just going to call you.
I received permission for you and Max to get married.
Oh, Chief, that's wonderful news!
I can't wait to tell Max!
I'm having trouble hearing you.
No, I'm talking as loud as I dare.
Oh.
Well, hold on a moment.
All right, go ahead.
We think that the hostess is involved in this.
I'll check into it.
Can you hold on, 99?
- Smart's in the restroom.
- Check.
- Smart's in the restroom.
- All right.
Bombs away.
how they're doing it.
Smart!
Yes, Miss Cleveland, I'm alive, and you need a new roll of towels in the restroom.
Mr. Smart, I have something for you.
Get in here.
Oh, I hope it's not more coffee.
Miss Cleveland, I think this proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that you are the KAOS agent we are looking for.
- She's not the only one, Max.
- Right, 99.
Miss Cleveland and Shandar the Magician.
- And the pilot.
- The pilot?
Yes, well, that makes Miss Cleveland, the pilot and Shandar the Magician.
- And the copilot.
- The copilot.
Yes.
That makes Miss Cleveland, the pilot, the copilot and Shandar the magician.
Well, it seems you have us outnumbered, Miss Cleveland.
I think you'd better give up.
You seem to forget, Mr. Smart, I'm holding your gun.
Not exactly, Miss Cleveland.
Pull the trigger.
- You're a fool.
-  - Good work, 99.
- Max, where did you get that gun?
From Dr. Von Shickel.
You keep her covered, 99.
I'm going to take care of the pilot and the copilot, and maybe Shandar the magician.
All right, stay right where you are.
I've got you covered.
-  -      May I have your attention, please, for a moment?
Everything is under control and there is absolutely nothing to worry about.
We will be landing in Miami in just a few moments.
However, there is one small problem.
Does anybody here know how to land a four-engine jet?
{END OF EPISODE 03}{START OF EPISODE 04}
Announcer: You are looking at recently-discovered motion pictures of the notorious bank-robbing team of Connie and Floyd.
Prior to their apprehension and incarceration, these happy-go-lucky terrorists got their kicks robbing banks all the way from Gallup, New Mexico, to Flagstaff, Arizona.
And don't forget Winona, Kingman, Barstow and San Bernardino.
Miss Connie Barker, daughter of a Carnie Barker, yearning for the bright lights and the gay life of the big city, ran away from home at the age of three.
Floyd Darrow on the other hand couldn't run away from home because he lived in a trailer camp, and no matter how far he went home was always catching up to him.
Now why would a good-looking kid like that turn to a life of crime?
The fact that he couldn't do anything else made this good-looking kid turn to a life of crime.
Connie and Floyd cut a swath of crime through seven states, robbing banks and eluding capture by the police.
Through it all, they got along famously.
Although they were never actually married, they often acted like they were.
Connie and Floyd were inseparable.
They had a fantastic relationship and were considered by their contemporaries to be two of the swellest crooks in the Southwest.
They were always on the run, stopping only now and then to have their picture taken and fix a bumper.
Had they not followed a life of crime, Connie and Floyd would have undoubtedly ended up in the used-car business.
The Darrow Gang might have remained a pair of smalltime hoods had it not been for a chance meeting with Floyd's boyhood hero, the biggest bank robber of them all-- Sneaky Sam Vittorio, so called because of his odd penchant for wearing tennis sneakers while pulling jobs.
These are amazing newsreel pictures, Chief.
They're not newsreel pictures, 99.
Connie and Floyd carried their own photographer.
These are their personal films.
It's little wonder that Connie and Floyd were so smitten with Vittorio, for this affable crook was responsible for closing more banks than the Depression.
This was the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship between Vittorio and Connie and Floyd.
They remained inseparable, piling up one of the most impressive records in the annals of modern crime.
Now you see why I wanted you to take a look at that film.
That's it, Chief.
There's no time to waste, 99.
We've got to go get those crooks.
Max, that film was made 30 years ago!
All the more reason why we should hurry.
- They've got a big head start on us.
-  Max, are you all right?
Missed me by that much, Chief.
Connie and Floyd have been in jail for 30 years.
What about Sam Vittorio, Chief?
Good question, 99.
Don't you think that was a good question, Chief?
- Yes, I do, Max.
- Me too.
In answer to your question, 99, they were never able to make a conviction stick against Sam Vittorio.
However, they deported him in 1937 as an undesirable alien.
- To Italy?
- No, to Pittsburgh.
- Pittsburgh?
- They really threw the book at him.
He's been living there in exile ever since.
In looking at the film, I can't help but be struck by the remarkable resemblance of Connie and Floyd.
Oh really?
I didn't think they looked anything alike.
- Not like each other, Max, like us.
- That's precisely why you were chosen for this assignment.
You see, even though Sam Vittorio robbed more than 150 banks, when he was arrested all he had on him was $1.36.
Well, $1.36 went a lot further in those days, Chief.
Vittorio must have stolen millions, but we've never been able to find out where he hid it.
It looks like we're finally going to get a break.
- What happened, Chief?
- We've gotten word that Vittorio is dying and he's made arrangements to break Connie and Floyd out of prison.
Apparently he's going to tell them his secret.
- What secret?
- Where Vittorio hid the money, Max.
Well, even if he does tell them, how are we going to get them to tell us?
He's not going to tell them, Max.
He's gonna tell you, because you two are gonna pose as Connie and Floyd.
With the strong resemblance, we should be able to pull it off.
I can't impress upon you the importance of this assignment.
If KAOS should get their hands on that money before we do, they could finance their operations for years.
Don't worry, we won't let you down.
We're depending upon you.
Now here's the plan: tomorrow morning Connie and Floyd are being transferred to a coeducational maximum security prison farm.
Vittorio has bribed the guards transporting them who will allow them to escape at a rendezvous point on Route 12.
Luckily, we found out about it in time.
The two guards were placed under arrest and Connie and Floyd were transferred last night.
Now Agent Larrabee and I will replace the two guards and tomorrow morning at the rendezvous point you two will be making your escape.
Have you got it?
- Not all of it, Chief.
- What part didn't you get?
The part after "Now here's the plan".
We're nearing their rendezvous point.
Vittorio's arranged to leave a car for you.
Remember, his men will be watching from a vantage point, so when you jump, make it look good.
How fast will we be going when we jump?
We'll slow it down some, but we've got to make it look authentic.
Get the handcuffs on.
-  - Chief: Something the matter, Max?
I swallowed my toothpick.
I see the getaway car up ahead, Chief.
Now remember, you're to drive to a place called Danny's Diner on Route 63.
Vittorio's men will contact you there.
- Now get ready.
- Okay.
One, two, three!
Max, why didn't you jump?
!
I did, 99, but I forgot to unfasten my seat belt.
Chief: All right, Larrabee, take the next cutoff.
We'll try it again.
- Seat belt unbuckled, Max?
- Right, Chief.
Okay.
One, two, three!
Sorry about that, 99.
I thought we were going out this door.
Chief: We'll try it again.
Take the next cutoff.
Your seat belt's unbuckled, you're going out that door and there'll be no slip-ups this time!
This is it!
-  - The door won't open!
- Let me, 99.
- Hurry!
Sit back, 99.
Get me a doctor.
I think i've just broken my ankle.
- Get going, Max!
- The door's working.
- Okay, one - Wish us luck, Chief.
- Good luck.
- two, three!
Chief, what are you doing here?
Was there a change in plans?
- 99: Oh!
- Go ahead, Chief.
Get it all out of your system.
Vittorio's men are watching!
We've got to make this look legitimate!
Here, you take my gun.
I'll run and you shoot at me!
But for heaven's sakes, miss me!
Right, Chief.
Hold it, 99.
- What, Max?
- We're going the wrong way.
How can you tell?
Because I have an uncanny sense of direction.
I have an instinctive feel for this kind of thing.
But if you really want to know, I have three reasons.
First, the sun is over my right shoulder.
Second, the leaves in this section of the country have a peculiar discoloration.
And three, we're on a slight upgrade when we should be walking downhill.
Now if my wind calculations are correct, Danny's Diner should be seven miles in that direction.
- Max, that's fantastic.
- Thank you, 99.
Let's hold hands.
That way no one will be able to see the handcuffs.
Right, Max.
Coming through.
You sit there.
I'll sit over here.
Max.
Oh.
Pardon me, fella, but would you mind sitting here?
We'd like to sit together.
I think this guy sitting next to me is our contact.
Are you sure?
I've had enough experience with the criminal element to know a crook when I see one, 99.
Max, we've got to be absolutely certain.
I am absolutely certain.
Look at that face, those shifty eyes.
Anything else, Sheriff?
Oh, Max, we've got to be more careful.
If you had given us away, our whole mission would have failed.
I don't think it's fair for a lawman not to wear a uniform.
Now you take those two guys there.
-  - I know for sure-- I can tell that they're cops.
Okay, Connie and Floyd, you've got a choice: you come along quietly, or go out feet first.
Uh, just a moment, Officer, you're making a big mistake.
- We're not who you think we are.
- Oh, dummy up, Floyd.
- We ain't cops.
We're Vittorio's boys.
- Those uniforms!
We knocked out a couple of guys and took 'em.
The whole countryside is lousy with fuzz.
We figure this is the safest way to get you to the boss.
When you get us in the car, you gotta get us out of these handcuffs.
And you'd better get rid of those uniforms.
- Why?
- If we happen to be stopped at a roadblock, it's gonna be pretty hard to explain to them how we got arrested by two firemen.
I told him there was no such a thing as a red police car.
Man over radio: Connie Barker and Floyd Darrow did it again.
They broke out of the state maximum-security penitentiary.
And despite the best efforts of the police of four states, Connie and Floyd have managed to slip through several dozen roadblocks and at this moment are still at large.
That's my kids.
And now on the lighter side of the news: two firemen were found walking on Route 63 in their underwear today, and they claim-- -  - Get out of here!
Man: It's me, boss.
I've got you-know-who with me.
What?
Well, just don't stand there, tell Sam we're here.
Eh, yes, well, don't just stand there, - tell Sam we're here.
- We're here, Sam.
Welcome home, kids.
For old times' sake, give me the secret handshake.
The old secret handshake, Floyd.
I'm waiting.
Uh, yes, the old secret handshake.
Of course.
You remember the old secret handshake, Connie, that Sam and I always used to give to each other.
- Oh, sure.
- Would you settle for a kiss?
That's the second part.
Now get over here, give me the handshake.
Now that's the old secret handshake.
In that case could we skip the kiss?
Your old man here could never walk through a room without falling over something.
Ahem.
You need me for anything else, boss?
No, Monk, you did a good job.
Just one more thing.
- What?
- Get out of here.
Well, kids, this calls for a big celebration.
But I mean a real celebration.
I'm gonna phone Rocky and get him to get all the old gang together.
They're dying to see you.
Mix us some drinks, Floyd.
- Good idea, Sam.
What'll you have?
- The usual.
The u-u-u-usual.
- What is the "usual"?
- I don't know, Max.
That wasn't in our indoctrination course on Vittorio.
What are we gonna do?
Ahem.
I'll just-- I'll just have to think of something.
Yeah, I'm really sorry.
That's too bad.
I just talked to Rocky's old lady.
He went out to bust a bank tonight and he won't be back for 20 years.
They caught him.
You know, Sam, we got word that you wanted to see us about something.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I guess you kids heard I ain't gonna be around much longer.
That's right, I'm making the big break.
Well, we've heard that, but you don't look sick.
I don't feel sick neither, but Dr. Foster said I could go for 30 days.
- 99: Is that all?
- "Is that all"?
Are you kidding?
No judge was ever able to give me 30 days.
Even at that, I'm outliving the doc.
He got killed.
- What happened?
- Right after he told me I only had 30 days I shot him.
Hey, Floyd, how about my drink?
Uh, coming right up, Sam.
Here you are.
This should give you a big lift.
Now where's mine?
Oh yeah, this is it.
Thanks, Floyd.
Uh, my pleasure, Sam.
You know, it's just like old times.
And you two kids are the closest thing to family I have.
And when a man feels his time is coming, that he has to get out, he-- he likes to leave something valuable to the people he holds dear to remember him by.
But this is no time to get maudlin.
Of course it's no secret that I got a secret and I'm gonna tell it to you when the time comes.
Only the time could come sooner than I expect-- but that's being negative.
- I'll tell you what we'll do.
- You go ahead.
I'll wait here.
No, let's have a game of pinochle.
Look, Sam, why don't you tell us the secret first?
Like you said, Sam, the time could come sooner than you think, - sort of unexpectedly.
- No no no, I'll know when the time is coming.
My room would suddenly grow dark, and I'll hear the voice of an angel singing.
But besides, I've still got Though I get a little tired once in a while.
Matter of fact, I think I'll go upstairs and take a rest.
Oh, and kids, when the time comes, - I want you to do me a big favor.
- What's that, Sam?
Tiptoe into my room and whisper in my ear that "My Mother the Car" is coming back on television.
- Why?
- So I won't mind going.
Max, we can't stay here a whole month!
We're getting married in a few weeks and I've already sent out the wedding invitations.
Are you sure?
I didn't get one.
The groom doesn't get an invitation to his own wedding.
Besides, Vittorio may live longer than 30 days.
You're right, 99.
Gangsters aren't very dependable.
Anyway, I don't see how we can keep up the Connie and Floyd disguise that long.
to tell us the secret.
Max: well, we've got to make him believe - that he's dying right now.
- But how?
We'll shoot him.
Yes?
I know Connie and Floyd escaped.
We engineered the whole thing.
The real Connie and Floyd?
Thank you.
Chief, the real Connie and Floyd just escaped.
I know that!
You just told me that on the phone!
Was that you?
I thought I dialed my wife.
Max and 99 are in danger.
Let's go.
Chief, do I have time to call my wife?
- Who's there?
- Floyd: Open up!
It's Connie and Floyd!
What are you doing out there?
It's dangerous.
- You're telling us!
- Where's Sam?
- Upstairs taking a nap.
- Come on, Connie.
Let's go.
Hey!
Hold it!
You can't disturb him.
When he finds out we're here, he's gonna want to see us right away.
What are you talking about?
You just-- Sam: Hey, Monk!
I want to see Connie and Floyd right away!
See?
Come on, Connie.
Now what we have to do is go up to Sam's bedroom and make him believe that the end is drawing near.
- How are we gonna do that?
- Well, Sam gave us the clue himself.
He said when the end is drawing near the lights in the room would dim and he would hear the voice of an angel singing.
Come on.
Hello, Angelo Carpet Cleaners?
Yeah, I want you to pick up a rug that'll need cleaning in about 10 minutes.
Yeah.
Yeah, it'll have two big red spots in it and the bodies from whence they came.
- Now look, let me talk to Angelo.
-  Come in.
Angelo, guess who this is.
- Both: Sam!
- Yeah, how'd you guess?
- Be right with you.
- How do you like that for a greeting from a guy we haven't seen for 20 years?
I told you we should've written to him more often from prison.
Yeah, that's all right, Angelo.
Yeah, the custom job would suit my needs perfectly.
Yeah, look, wait a minute.
Hey, Floyd, get my pills, will you?
They're in the closet in my gray pinstriped suit.
Sure thing, Sam.
I'll go in and dim the lights.
You wait out here a few seconds then you come in singing, and try to sound like an angel.
Right, Max.
I certainly hope this works.
Oh, I'm sorry, Sam, I thought you were still sleeping.
- How did you do that?
- Do what?
- Get in here before I did.
- I came in with you.
But you were supposed to wait until i dimmed the lights.
- I was?
- Yeah, I know, Angelo.
Wait a minute.
- Hey, Floyd, where's my pills?
- I don't know.
They must be in my other robe in that closet.
- Go and get 'em, will you?
- Sure, Sam.
Sam: Hey, don't keep me waiting, Angelo.
Hey, Connie, get me a drink of water, will you?
- From that bathroom, baby.
- Sure, Sam.
Here are your pills, Sam.
- What are you doing?
- I'm singing.
Why didn't you lower the lights?
Why, do you sound better in the dark?
Will you get me some water before I choke?
I'll get it for you, Sam.
- Here's your water, Sam.
- Wait a minute.
- How did you do that?
- Do what?
Why do you keep asking me that?
Yeah, okay, Angelo.
See you later.
Thank you, Connie.
And now I got something for the two of you.
-  - Oh!
Sam!
Max!
- Me!
- I found two bottles, Sam.
Which one do you want, the big pills or the little pill?
-  - Oh, thank heaven you're all right!
But Sam's been shot.
Oh, in that case I'd better give him the big ones.
Max, he's still alive!
Connie and Floyd, you finally got here.
- Yes, it's us, Sam.
- I gotta tell you my secret.
Take it easy, Sam.
Don't try to talk.
- Save your strength.
- Well, I ain't got much time, but I gotta talk to you.
Come closer.
The secret-- - Max!
- I'm all right, 99.
You know, in my lifetime I must've robbed 150 banks, maybe 160.
I guess it was closer to 200.
Uh, yeah, - 192 to be exact.
- Where did you hide the money, Sam?
What money?
Most of the banks I robbed went bust in the Depression.
Then what's your secret?
Crime doesn't pay!
{END OF EPISODE 04}{START OF EPISODE 05}
- This is the Chief.
- Hello, Chief.
This is Max.
Max, talk fast.
I'm on the hydrant phone at 7th and Wilson.
Things are kind of busy here.
Where are you?
I'm in front of Spiegle's Jewelry Store.
I thought I'd take a few hours off and see if I could shop around and find an engagement ring for 99.
Keep your eyes open while you're shopping.
KAOS has been hitting all the jewelry stores in the area.
- They're stealing diamonds.
- What do they want with diamonds?
They smuggle them out of the country to make up the European payroll.
We believe this to be the work-- I'm going to murder Shleppenheimer for inventing this hydrant phone.
Max, this could be the work of the League of Bald-Headed Men.
That's KAOS's smuggling unit.
They're clever and ingenious.
There's nothing they can't accomplish.
How come they can't grow hair?
They don't want to grow hair!
That's their trademark.
That's how they identify each other.
All right, Chief.
I'll keep my eyes open.
In the meantime, you pick up Yul Brynner and Dean Rusk.
Just because somebody's bald doesn't mean he's a member of the League.
Oh.
Pick 'em up anyway.
If they're clean, we'll let 'em go.
I have to hang up now, Max.
There's a collie coming.
Bye, Chief.
But-- but I'm-- I'm telling you the truth.
- I don't have the Morris Diamond.
- You lie.
We know the diamond was delivered here yesterday.
- Now give us the diamond.
- Please.
That diamond is worth $275,000!
We are well aware of its value.
Look, business has been terrible.
Say, you men aren't interested in buying it, are you?
-  - I didn't think so.
Winters, a customer.
Wait on him and get rid of him fast.
We'll be watching you through that curtain.
One false move, you'll both die.
Sommers, come.
- Good afternoon.
- Can I help you?
Yes, I'm looking for a diamond engagement ring for my fiancée.
- Money is no object.
- What price did you have in mind?
$80.
I think we can find something nice for $80.
Here, I'm sure you'll see something in this case That will interest you.
All those diamonds are for $80?
Now these two aren't bad, but actually I was looking for something a little more ostentatious.
I just happen to have something I think you might like.
I can let you have this for $80.
What else have you got?
Mister, take it.
You're getting a good buy.
- I can't get it off.
- Good.
I mean-- take the ring.
I guarantee your fiancée will love it.
Well, all right, I'll take it, but I really wanted something bigger.
- How much was that?
- $80.
$80 is a lot of money.
Call me later and let me know how your fiancée likes it.
Okay.
All right, let's get on with it.
- Where's the Morris Diamond?
- Someplace where you'll never find it.
Sommers, we'll take him in the back and you'll attend to him.
Then we'll ransack the store and find the diamond.
Mr. Spiegle?
- Yes?
- Oh.
If my girlfriend doesn't like this, I can exchange it, right?
Right.
Mr. Spiegle?
- Yes?
- If there's nothing else she likes, - I can get my money back, right?
- Right.
- Winters: Right!
- Sommers: Right!
Do me a favor-- before he comes back, shoot me.
Oh, Max.
It's the most beautiful ring I've ever seen.
- Thank you.
- Thank you.
- May I see it again?
- Sure.
Oh, isn't it lovely?
- When can I wear it?
- As soon as I get it off my finger, 99.
I've been trying to get it off for hours.
Look how swollen my finger is.
Oh.
Cold water will take that swelling right down, Max.
- Come on.
- 99, why don't we just wait until the swelling goes down?
This really works.
I always do this when I get a ring stuck on my finger.
But, 99, I'm telling you, this is not going to work!
- Why do you think so?
- Because the ring is on my other hand.
Oh, sorry.
- It's stuck, Max.
- I know it's stuck, 99.
Come on.
There's a hammer over there in the top of my desk drawer.
Oh, it's locked.
Where do you keep the key?
I keep them right here in this urn.
Isn't it in there?
Yes, they're in there, but I can't get my hand out.
Max, what are we going to do?
We have theater tickets and the show starts in an hour.
I just hope it isn't a good show.
- Why?
- I won't be able to applaud.
What in the world are you trying to do, 99?
We have to break the urn so we can get the keys and open the drawer and get the hammer and tap that off your other hand!
Break the urn?
Are you crazy?
I wouldn't break that urn!
That's a family heirloom!
- Max, don't be unreasonable.
- I'm not being unreasonable.
This urn is worth a lot of money!
This is absolutely ridiculous!
If we don't get this urn off, you're not gonna get your hand-- I am not going to argue with you, and that is-- Here are the keys, 99.
- Where's the hammer, Max?
- Hmm?
Oh, must be in the other drawer.
Oh.
There, now try the ring.
It still won't come off, 99.
Oh, Max, there must be something we can do!
There is no way, 99.
I have tried every way in the world to get this ring off.
There is no way that I haven't tried!
- Did you try soap?
- Huh?
There's some soap in my handbag.
You keep soap in your pocketbook?
It looks like soap and it feels like soap, but actually it's a camouflage for a secret carrying case.
- What do you keep in the carrying case?
- Soap.
Now we'll just lubricate the ring and it should slide right off.
Okay, you brace yourself in that chair and I'll pull.
- Ready?
- Ready.
- One - Two Three!
- Max!
- Look, I've got a great idea, 99.
- What?
- Why don't I just keep this ring - and buy you another one?
- Oh no, Max.
I want my engagement ring.
All right, we'll try once more.
Here, you get over there now.
I'll brace myself against the door.
All righty?
And we'll count to three.
- Right.
- Both: Ready?
One, two-- - Almost got it!
- Both: Three!
Got it, Max!
- I got it.
- Good work, 99!
You'll get a bonus for this!
Where'd you get it?
- Max gave it to me.
- Then he'll get the bonus.
- Where'd he get it?
- He bought it.
It's my engagement ring.
- Max bought you that diamond?
- Uh-huh.
- Diamond?
- Yeah.
But I thought it was a zircon.
Oh, that's ridiculous, Chief.
If this were a diamond, it would be worth a great deal of money.
Well, it is.
It's the Morris Diamond.
It's worth $275,000.
- $275,000?
- Right.
Oh, that sweet guy.
I don't like the looks of this, 99.
In the past six months, several of our CONTROL agents have been paid off by KAOS for turning over government secrets.
Oh, Chief, you know Max would never do anything like that.
Of course not, 99, but where would Max get $275,000?
Well, he always manages to put away a few dollars out of his salary every week.
save that much money.
Unless-- unless a rich relative died and left him an inheritance.
No, there's only his mother.
He sends her $15 a month.
Well, that's it!
His mother's been saving up that money until she accumulated 27-- That's the worst reason yet.
I don't like the looks of this, 99.
Don't show that ring to anybody until we get to the bottom of this.
I don't care what anyone says and I don't know where Max got this ring, but I do know one thing: Max would never sell out to KAOS .
- And I agree with you 100% !
- Good!
- Then that means he must've stolen it!
- Right!
Oh, Chief  Oh, hi, 99.
What's up, Chief?
Max, we came about the engagement ring that you bought.
- What about it?
- It's worth $275,000.
$275,000 and I got it for $80?
Boy, I got some buy!
Max, did you actually buy that ring?
Are you kidding, Chief?
I stole it!
Max, don't say another word until we get a lawyer.
What are you talking about?
What would we need with a lawyer?
We're only engaged.
You don't see a lawyer until you've been married for a while.
No, Max, you don't understand.
There are some people who might think that you really did steal that ring.
But that's ridiculous, 99!
I bought this ring at Spiegle's Jewelry Store.
I didn't even want to buy the ring.
Mr. Spiegle insisted.
And then I gave him the $80-- Do you expect me to believe that Mr. Spiegle sold you a $275,000 diamond ring for $80?
!
- Tax included.
- Max, show him the receipt.
Right, the receipt, 9-- uh, the receipt.
Yes, well, he forgot to give me one.
Well, you can ask Mr. Spiegle himself.
I think we'd better do just that.
Okay, we'll go there now.
It's Spiegle's Jewelry Store, right around the corner from Spiegle's Drugstore, next to Spiegle's Delicatessen, where Spiegle's Cleaners used to be.
- And where's that?
- 4th and Spiegle.
Where could he have hidden the diamond?
Keep searching.
The couriers are making the pickup tonight and KAOS insists the Morris Diamond be in tonight's shipment.
It's that fool that was here yesterday.
I'll get rid of him.
I'll cover you from the back room.
Sorry, but we are closed for inventory.
I'd like to see Mr. Spiegle.
Mr. Spiegle is no longer here.
We bought the store from him.
Yes well, I bought this ring from Mr. Spiegle yesterday and he forgot to give me a receipt for it.
- A receipt?
- Yes, a receipt for $80 - to prove that I bought it here.
- Yes, I remember you now.
I was in the back of the store at the time and happened to see you through the curtain as you were paying Mr. Spiegle.
Thank you for being honest enough to return it.
- I'm returning it?
- Winters: Yes.
You see, Mr. Spiegle has done this before, selling valuable jewels for far less than their value.
I believe he was going through some sort of a breakdown.
Well, you've cleared up some questions for us.
Thank you.
In view of the recent rash of robberies, I suggest you keep a valuable gem like that in a safer place.
I intend to.
Goodbye.
I have it.
I'll start the car, you gag Spiegle.
- What's the matter, Chief?
- He seemed anxious to get rid of us.
I have a feeling there's something wrong here.
You're right, Chief, he forgot to give me back my $80!
Hello?
Hello!
Anybody here?
Hello?
Hello?
Wait a minute!
Both those men were bald.
Now I remember them!
Winters and Sommers!
The League of Bald-Headed Men!
I'll go after 'em.
You and 99 go around the front - and block off the alley.
- Right, Max.
Don't go away, Spiegle.
When I come back I want to see some engagement rings.
Hurry, Sommers, hurry!
Max!
Max, are you all right?
- Yes, I'm fine, 99.
- They got away with the Morris Diamond!
If we don't find them, do you know what that'll mean?
You bet your sweet life I do.
I'll be out $80.
-  - Oh, Max.
- I'm fine, 99.
- I'm so glad you weren't hurt, Max, the way he bowled you over with that trash can.
Wait a minute, 99.
You're right!
He didn't throw that trash can at me!
He bowled it at me!
His form, his stance, the way he followed through-- he handled that trash can like a bowling ball!
That means one of the men we're looking for spends a lot of time bowling.
I'll have our best men check out the bowling alleys.
But it'll take all week to cover every alley in town.
Not necessarily.
After all, how many expert bowlers are bald-headed and bowl left-handed?
You're right, Chief.
Now all we have to do is look for a bald-headed man who bowls left-handed with an ashcan.
Come on, 99.
Now you see, 99, that one had just a little too much hook on it, - otherwise it would have been a strike.
- I see.
- May I try one now?
- Yes, but remember to follow through.
How was that?
Well, you'll get the hang of it sooner or later, 99.
Max, how much longer do we have to stake out this place?
It's getting late.
Yes, well, I know, but we've checked out every other bowling alley in town that has a left-headed, bald-handed, uh bald-handed, left-headed-- a ball-headed, left-- a man with a hand.
It is getting late, isn't it?
Why don't we check with Agent 81/2?
He's staked out here.
Good idea.
- 81/2, are you there?
- Hi, 86, 99.
- How are you, 81/2?
- How am I?
Terrible!
I keep forgetting to duck every time the ball is returning.
I've got a bump on the back of my head the size of a bowling ball.
Wait a minute.
That is a bowling ball.
Excuse me.
Do you have anything to report, 81/2?
Yes, the manager tells me there's a man who bowls here that fits the description of your man almost perfectly-- same height, same weight and he's left-handed.
- There's only one thing wrong.
- What's that?
He's got a full head of hair.
But the man we're looking for is bald-headed.
Well, I said "almost perfectly".
-  - Excuse me.
All right, we'll check him out anyway.
- Is he here?
- Not yet yet.
- He comes here at 9:00 every night.
- It's almost 9:00 now.
I hope he's not gonna be late.
It's Wednesday night, you know?
What's so important about Wednesday night?
It's my bowling night.
Smart, that must be him.
The manager said when he showed up he'd give him lane number one!
He does look a lot like Sommers, Max.
Yes, except for the hair.
Come on, 99.
We'd better keep bowling before they get suspicious.
Max, look.
Should I do the same thing those other bowlers are doing just before they throw their balls?
- What's that?
- They put their fingers in the ball, then take them out, scratch their heads and put their fingers back in the ball again.
- They do?
- Watch them.
See?
And each of the men in the next four lanes is doing exactly the same thing before they bowl their balls.
Well, either they're very superstitious, or they're allergic to something in the bowling ball.
Max, look.
We'd better stop staring at him.
If he is Sommers, he's gonna get suspicious.
Right, 99.
We'd better keep bowling.
Sommers is in lane number one.
KAOS sent word that he is to personally take the Morris Diamond through.
Attend to it.
I beg your pardon, uh, I believe you have my ball.
Oh, sorry about that.
very strange, - almost like he recognized me.
-  Max!
It's the Morris Diamond.
It must've been in the bowling ball.
the stolen diamonds!
That may be how they're getting the diamonds to their couriers, but how do they get them out of the country?
I'll take that ring.
I'm afraid not, Sommers.
Because, you see, at this very moment CONTROL Agent 81/2 has you covered.
Okay, drop that gun.
Pepe, Sommers is in trouble.
Quick, put a ball in the return chute for lane number three!
-  - Smart.
I forgot to duck again.
No, shooting will attract the police.
Sommers: Stop him!
Stop him!
- Max, we're surrounded!
- I know that, 99.
Let's go!
Everybody stay right where you are!
This is a government raid!
- Larrabee, see that nobody leaves.
- Right, Chief.
Max, 99, where are you?
Max: Right over here, Chief!
Oh, Chief, are we glad to see you.
When we couldn't reach 81/2, we knew something was wrong.
Here you are, Chief-- the Morris Diamond.
- Where'd you get it, Max?
- It was in the bowling ball.
That's the way KAOS got the diamonds to their couriers who then smuggled them out of the country.
But how?
We've had all the docks and airports covered.
Everyone was thoroughly searched!
It was really quite simple, Chief.
Larrabee, bring 'em in!
All right, men, off with your hair!
See, Chief, that's how they got them through customs!
They hid them under their toupees!
Max, how did you know that?
You see, 99, when I saw Sommers lift his hand to his head the way the other bowlers did, I figured that if Sommers was wearing a toupee, then the other bowlers were wearing toupees too.
- Absolutely brilliant.
- Thank you, Chief.
Not you, Max.
I mean the way they smuggled the diamonds.
Come on, 99.
I think now is as good a time as any to pick out your engagement ring.
- Ready to do a little shopping?
- Oh.
- See anything you like?
- No, not yet.
{END OF EPISODE 05}{START OF EPISODE 06}
- Come on, 107.
- 86, what are you doing here?
Gee, that's a terrible welt you have on your forehead.
Does it hurt?
Yeah.
My wife gave it to me last night when I came home late.
Oh, Max, this boxing is a terrible cover.
What is it, Max?
Is there an emergency?
No, this is personal.
Do you have a minute?
- I have about three seconds.
-   I'm sorry.
- One, two - Listen, Schlermer, gonna be married.
- Congratulations.
- Yes.
We were wondering if you would like to be our best man?
How about it?
I'll be right back.
Have you had a chance to think it over?
Yeah.
And I'm flattered you picked me, Max.
- I'll be happy to do it.
- Oh, that's great.
You're a swell guy, Schlermer.
You're out.
The winner!
Radio host: And now for a look at the sports page.
Last night at Davis Arena, in the main event, Tiger Schlermer lost a decision to Pete "the Kid" Melnick and the Department of Sanitation.
After leaving the arena, he walked into an open manhole and suffered a concussion.
For those who say boxing is a dangerous sport, they should try walking in dark alleys.
His wife, when notified of the accident, rushed to the hospital and immediately--   - 86, what's up?
- Well, as you know, married pretty soon and I thought it might be nice if you were our best man.
- Do you wanna do it?
- I'd like to, Max.
I-- - Oh, come on, give me a break, Novak.
- All right.
- I'll be your best man.
- Good.
Hey, a man has just been hit between the eyes with a baseball.
Uh, pardon me.
Could I speak to you for a minute?
I'm sorry to bother you, 38, but I need your help.
I want you to be best man at my wedding.
Me, Max?
Don't say no, Harry.
I need you.
I don't know if I'll be finished with this cover assignment by then.
Besides, I thought that Simpson or Aldrich was gonna be your best man.
Yes, well, they couldn't make it.
Oh, then, I'm really third choice.
Oh, no.
No no, not at all.
Actually, you're my first choice.
It's just hard to explain you to 99.
- Oh, I don't know, Max.
- Oh, come on, Harry.
You remember all the great times we've had together.
We're being watched.
Pinch me.
- Pinch you?
- Otherwise, it'll look suspicious.
- Why did you do that?
- You pinched me.
If I didn't react, it would've looked suspicious.
- Will you do it?
- What time is the wedding, Max?
I've got a show to do here Saturday night.
- I'm featured.
- It's Saturday afternoon.
Okay, Max.
I'm your man.
- Oh, wait a minute, Karvelas.
- Yeah?
Tell me what you look like so I'll recognize you Saturday.
During the performance at the Follies Theater today, Kitty Karvelas was kidnapped in full view of the audience by a group of men.
It is believed that pretty Kitty caught the eye of Abdul Lububdul Amir, Arab potentate, and is now en route to his harem.
Boy, is he in for a surprise.
Five of our top agents put out of commission in the last three days-- That's more than we've lost in three months!
There has to be some reason behind it!
The only thing we know for sure is that KAOS is responsible.
- Why don't we use the X-22 computer?
- I've thought of that, 99, but somebody fed a deck of cards into it.
Now all it'll do is play poker with the CIA computer.
Can't you reprogram it?
No, we can't do that, it's $32 behind.
- I've sent for Hymie to help us.
- Chief, Hymie's a robot.
I know that, 99, but he's equipped with a calculator bank to handle advanced computations.
- You sent for me, Chief?
- Yes, Hymie.
We'd like you to give us a hand.
Uh, "give us a hand" is a figure of speech, Hymie.
- We'd like you to help us.
- These are the cards of the five agents who have been incapacitated within the space of three days.
I want you to tell us if there's any connection.
You feed these into your calculator bank.
-  - Ready?
- Sorry, it does not compute.
-  Hello, this is the Chief.
Oh, no, not Novak.
All right, thank you.
- They got Novak.
- Oh, no.
- What's happening, 99?
- They got Novak.
Yes, I know.
I was with him.
That reminds me - Chief: What are you doing?
- I'm crossing Novak's name off my list.
What list?
The list of men I asked to be my best man.
Max, this list is identical with that list!
Chief, what are you doing with the list of my best men?
Max, did you invite all these men to be your best man?
- That's it!
- That's what?
That's it!
That's the common denominator we've been looking for.
You asked six men to be your best man and all have met with foul play.
Mm, that is quite a coincidence, isn't it?
It's more than a coincidence, Max.
It's a deadly plot!
If you ask somebody to be your best man, it's a guarantee something will happen to him.
How come you never asked me?
I always thought I was your best friend.
Yes, well, you are my best friend, Hymie, but you're a robot.
I need a best man, not a best thing.
I'm sorry about that, Hymie, but, well, you see, it wouldn't be legal the other way.
I need someone who can sign the marriage certificate and be a witness.
I can sign it, Max.
I can also make copies.
Max, I noticed you have the names of three agents on this list - that I don't have on mine.
- Those three I haven't asked yet.
He hasn't asked me yet, either.
Now why would KAOS want to do with every man you asked to be your best man?
Why don't you ask Hymie, Max?
That's a good idea, 99.
Hymie-- - I accept, Max.
- No, Hymie, I wasn't going to ask you to be my best man.
I was gonna ask you why KAOS is after every man that I ask to be my best man.
Just a minute, Max.
KAOS wants you to ask someone you haven't asked yet.
Then that must be one of the three men on that list.
Holloway, Prewitt or Finch.
And you think one of them is a double agent?
As much as I hate to think that, we have to consider the possibility.
But, Chief, why would KAOS want one of their men to be Max's best man?
I don't know.
Max, what are the duties of your best man?
I can tell you.
Responsibilities of the best man are to rent the tuxedos for the wedding, engage the limousine-- - Tie the cans in back of the car.
- He's also responsible for making the arrangements for the groom's bachelor party.
Of course, Chief-- the bachelor party!
That's it, the bachelor party.
Of course, the bachelor party.
Why didn't I think of that before?
The bachelor-- What else could it be but the bachelor party?
the bachelor party?
Don't you see, Max?
If a double agent is your best man, then he's gonna make sure everyone at the bachelor party is a CONTROL agent, and if everyone at the bachelor party is a CONTROL agent, think of the opportunity to wipe out the whole Washington staff.
We've gotta find the double agent so we can see who's behind all this.
Sure, that's easy for you to say.
It's got to be one of the three men on this list.
I'll have counterintelligence commence a top-four security check on those three men immediately.
- But that'll take days!
- We've got no choice!
Wait a minute.
I know how to find out who the double agent is.
- How, Max?
- I'll ask all three men on the list, and the one that nothing happens to, that will be the guilty party.
Max, two innocent men might get hurt that way.
Not if I ask the guilty one first.
- Yeah?
- Hello, Holloway.
Maxwell Smart here.
- Are you asleep?
- Yeah.
Sorry about that, Holloway.
Ordinarily, I'd come over to your place to ask you this, but I have my reasons for asking you on the phone.
What is it, Max?
How would you like to be best man at my wedding?
I thought Simpson was gonna be your best man.
Yes.
Well, he was, but he couldn't make it.
Oh, then, in that case, I'd be delighted.
- Good night, Max.
- You don't sound too delighted.
I find it hard to be delighted at 4:00 in the morning.
Yes.
Well, now that you've accepted, Holloway, I think there are a few things that you should know.
-  - Oh, just a second, Max.
Somebody's at the door.
Humph, the nerve of some people-- disturbing him at 4:00 in the morning.
Max's voice: "Dear Prewitt, Ordinarily I'd come over to your place and ask you this in person, but I have my reasons for handling this by letter.
How would you like to be best man at my wedding"?
I thought Simpson was going to be his best man.
"Simpson was going to be my best man, but he can't make it now.
Therefore, since you are one of my closest friends, it would please me greatly to have you accept.
Please let me know your answer by return mail, as this is most urgent".
Prewitt's voice: "Dear Max, I am flattered by your invitation and I'm pleased to accept.
Yours truly" Max's voice: Testing-- one, two, three, four.
"Dear Finch, ordinarily I'd come over to your place and ask you this in person, or I'd call you on the phone, or even send you a letter, but I have my reasons for doing things this way.
How would you like to be best man at my wedding"?
I thought Simpson was going to be best man.
"No, Simpson couldn't make it.
If you decide to accept, please go to the window and wave your arm three times.
If you do not appear, I will have to conclude that you don't wish to be my best man, or that you don't have a tape recorder.
- You wanted to see me, Chief?
- Yes, I did.
You had absolutely no right to ask Prewitt, Holloway and Finch to be your best man without first asking my permission.
- Let's look at the bright side, Chief.
- What bright side?
!
Now we know that none of those men were double agents.
- Hi, Max.
- Hi, 99.
Here we go, Chief.
It's the top-four security report on Holloway, Prewitt and Finch-- none of them were double agents.
- We know that, 99.
- Oh.
- That looks good.
- It is.
There's an ice-cream truck downstairs that's giving away free samples.
- You want a bite?
- No, thank you.
How about you, Chief?
Would you like a bite?
Take that away from my face and don't drip any on the rug!
Max: I already did, Chief-- both flavors.
Oleg, how's it going?
Excellent.
They're coming in loud and clear.
Now close the door.
Oleg, when I close door, does the light go out?
There are no more names on the best man's list and we still don't know who the double agent is!
Well, maybe there are some names on my other list, Chief.
- What other list?
!
- My list of ushers.
I'll go ask.
- Forget it!
- That's what I say, Chief, forget it.
I'm not gonna lose any more men.
Hymie is gonna be your best man.
- He's a robot, he can't be harmed.
- But, Chief-- No buts about it!
Hymie is going to be your best man!
But.
Stanislaus, success.
They finally chose who we want to be best man.
Excellent.
Now we can move the truck to another street.
- What for?
- Business stinks on this corner.
Here he comes.
Excuse, please.
- Perhaps you could help us?
- I'd be very happy to help you.
You see, this man here wants a fudgicle.
However, the fudgicle's in the far corner from freezer.
You have long arms.
Maybe you could reach it?
I will try.
I've got it!
And we've got you!
- Quick, let's go.
- What about my fudgicle?
- Morning, Chief.
- Morning, Max.
- Is Hymie here yet?
- No.
Well, that's funny.
He was supposed to drop by the hotel this morning and go over the final arrangements for the bachelor party and then meet me here.
You're not having your party at the hotel, Max.
I can't allow that many top agents together in one hotel.
- It's too risky.
- But I told the manager that we'd pay for anything that they break.
That's not what I'm talking about, Max.
It's a security risk!
You're having your party at the CONTROL Banquet Room.
Aw, gee, Chief.
That doesn't sound like any fun at all.
Why not?
I'll match our facilities against any hotel in town.
And we have very competitive prices.
- How much is the hotel charging you?
- $2.50 a head.
- How many people are coming?
- 40.
I can get you in here for $3 a head.
That's 50¢ more than the hotel is charging me!
But I'm providing the music-- the CONTROL Rhythmaires!
But, Chief, what do we want with an orchestra?
I mean, this is a stag party-- we're not gonna dance!
All right, I'll throw in the cake, the one that-- Agent 38 comes out of the cake.
- I don't think I would like that.
- Why not?
It's just not the same when a guy pops out of a cake.
Have you seen 38 in a bikini?
- Here's your Fudgecicle.
- Thank you very much.
- Where am I?
- Whoo!
What am I doing here?
Now we get down to nitty-gritty.
We have proposition to make you.
What kind of a proposition?
Well, tomorrow night at the bachelor party for Smart, we want you to blow up all the CONTROL agents.
I cannot do that.
I am no longer a KAOS robot.
I now work for CONTROL.
What got into you, robot?
When you worked for KAOS, you used to kill and "Hello Dolly".
- "Hello Dolly"?
- Oh, yeah, I got the wrong show.
"Mame"!
You used to kill and maim!
That was before CONTROL programmed me for goodness and niceness.
I will not do anything evil.
Listen, all we want you to do is to blow up a nice little bachelor party.
I'm sorry, but now I am programmed for goodness and niceness.
- I will not do anything evil.
- Both: "Do anything evil".
We know, we know.
Stanislaus, come here!
Look, we already have asked him to destroy 40 agents, and he has flatly refused.
Enough being nice.
You have killed him!
No, I have not killed him.
- I have merely short-circuited him.
- Oh.
Now we can plant the bomb inside him and set it to go off at the party at exactly 10:00.
But will he not know the bomb is inside him?
He will not remember anything!
I will adjust his memory banks and erase this entire incident from his mind.
Now, where is the bomb?
I've hidden it in one of the ice-cream cartons so no one will find it.
- Which carton?
- The one marked "bomb".
-  -  Thank you, thank you.
Now the band will take a five-minute break.
Every CONTROL agent in Washington showed up, Max.
- It's a great party.
- Yes, thanks to you, Hymie.
If it hadn't been for you, this could have been a bomb.
Don't I get any credit?
After all, I'm responsible for the music, - and the decor and the cuisine.
- The food is great, Chief.
- What is that stuff on a shingle?
- Creamed chipped beef.
As a matter of fact, I'm gonna get some more before it's all gone.
It's 9:55, Max.
I think we should show the movies now.
- Movies?
- Yes, Max-- I understand that's what they usually do at bachelor parties-- - show films.
- Oh what, what have you got, Hymie?
It took a little doing, Max, but I managed to get these.
"'Down the Colorado River by Kayak".
' "'The Wonderful World of Zinc,' and 'Holland, Land of Dikes and Tulips".
' Don't you think these are a little bawdy for this crowd?
If you'll make the announcement, Max, - I think we should get started.
- Hmm.
Here, Max, let me try.
- What was that?
- What was what?
Lower the microphone.
It's coming from your gearbox.
Your mechanism never made that sound before.
Open it up.
Let me take a look.
Mm, just as I thought-- it's a bomb.
A bomb?
!
- Max, what's happened?
- There's a bomb planted in Hymie.
- It's set to go off in five minutes.
- You'd better get the men - out of here quickly.
- Right, Hymie.
Chief, start the movies.
Max, any sudden movement might set the bomb off.
You're right, Chief.
I'd better tell everybody to stand still and not make any sudden movement.
Uh, gentlemen?
Gentlemen, can I have your attention, please, for a moment?
Having a good time?
- Max!
- Chief, you just can't come right out and tell them.
You've gotta ease into it.
Max, they're CONTROL agents.
They're used to danger.
They won't panic!
Chief, I think I should open with a joke.
Max, tell them.
Uh, gentlemen, I don't exactly know how to tell you this, but there's a bomb planted in Hymie.
I told you I should've opened with a joke.
Everybody stay right where you are-- that's an order!
I'm ashamed of this display of panic and lack of loyalty to a fellow agent.
You're ready to desert this agent who time and time again has risked your life for yours.
You, Bannister, if it weren't for Hymie, you wouldn't be alive today.
And you, Carmichael, you also owe your life to Hymie.
And that goes for half of you men in this room.
Now I'm gonna forget what I just saw.
That's all I have to say.
Max, what happened?
The Chief wouldn't let me open with a joke.
KAOS planted a bomb in Hymie.
We've got less than two minutes to dismantle it.
There's no need for you to endanger your lives.
I'll just go out in back to the parking lot and blow up.
Wait a minute, Hymie.
I can't let you do that.
My car is out there.
You can't sacrifice yourself, Hymie.
You're too good an agent and too dear a friend.
If I could see the bomb, I could dismantle it.
You show us how, and we'll do it!
Chief, this'll only take two of us.
There's no point risking another life, especially when that life is responsible for the entire CONTROL organization.
Isn't that right, Max?
It certainly is, 99, but I think I should stay around anyway and help.
Now let's get started.
Hymie, tell us what to do.
We've only got a minute left.
They must've connected the bomb to my sensor mechanism.
Is that your sensor button?
No, that's my bellybutton.
My sensor button's up a little higher.
Is that it?
- That's it, Chief.
- Unscrew it and remove the wire.
- Butter knife.
- Butter knife.
- Shrimp cocktail fork.
-  - Shrimp cocktail fork.
- 99?
- Yes, Max.
- Shrimp off.
- Shrimp off.
- Hurry, there's half a minute left.
Now that you've loosened the wire, place something between it and the bomb to act as insulation.
I'll need something soft for that.
- 99?
- Max!
- Give me a piece of rye bread.
-  There's only pumpernickel.
Hymie, I'm sorry, there's no more rye bread left, just some nice fresh pumpernickel.
Pumpernickel will be just fine.
Max, there's only Now if you can loosen the clamp underneath, - you should be able to remove the bomb.
- Spoon.
- Dessert or soup?
- Table.
Tablespoon.
- Ice tongs.
- Ice tongs.
Five seconds, Max!
Four seconds.
- I've got it, Chief.
- Okay, get rid of it.
- Close the door!
- Right, Chief.
Max, are you all right?
- Missed me by that much, Chief.
-  What are all these papers?
Oh, Max, that was-- those were secret papers of CONTROL.
Well, why didn't you tell me, Chief?
I couldn't, Max.
It was a secret!
a bottle of glue on you, do you?
{END OF EPISODE 06}{START OF EPISODE 07}
Sorry.
Max!
What are you doing here so early?
I didn't expect you until 11:00.
- Well, something came up.
- What?
One of the teachers at the CONTROL training school got sick and I'm gonna have to take his place.
So I won't be able to go shopping with you today.
Do you mind if I use some of this lotion?
My hands are a little chapped.
That's not hand lotion.
That's quick-setting hair gel.
Aw, Max.
You were going to help me make some last-minute wedding preparations.
Yes, well, I'm sorry, 99, but you'll have to go shopping by yourself.
But I've got so many places I have to go.
I have to go to the florist shop, and to the bridal shop, and to the caterers-- Well, I promised the Chief that I would do this for him, and I can't back out now, so I'll see you later.
Okay.
Goodbye.
on the comb phone.
Thank you, 49.
Yes, Chief?
I know it's your day off, but I have an urgent assignment that must be competed before nightfall.
Oh, Chief, I have so many errands I have to run today.
I'm aware of that, 99, so I've arranged it so that you can do your errands and the assignment simultaneously.
You're familiar with the Gaul Formula?
Yes, that's the formula we divided into three parts so that if Kaos got hold of it, they wouldn't be able to use it.
Right.
Now one of these parts has been hidden in each of the three places that you'll be shopping in today as part of your wedding preparations-- the flower shop, catering service, the bridal shop.
So I can do my errands and really be picking up pieces of the Gaul Formula?
Exactly.
Now as you complete each segment of this assignment, I want you to check in with me.
If you like, you can take one of those new comb phones.
Oh, that would be terrific!
It's a marvelous device.
Which one of our agents developed it?
Well, as a matter of fact, 99, it was my idea.
What ever gave you the idea of turning a comb into a phone?
going to do with a comb?
All right, men, I'm your substitute teacher for today, and my name is Sir, you used the invisible chalk.
Now if you'll erase what you just wrote, then what you just wrote will appear.
I know that!
You can just call me 86.
Very well.
As the first order of the day, I shall call the roll.
- Lundy?
- Here, sir.
- Caruso?
- Yo.
Dillingham?
Farley?
Bailey?
And Bossolovich?
- Uh, who are you?
- I'm Tina.
I'm sorry, Tina, but I don't seem to see your name here on the roll.
I'm not a student.
I'm his girlfriend.
I'm afraid that's against the rules.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to leave.
Okay.
Caruso, you ought to know better than to bring an outsider into this classroom.
He does it every day, and every day she gets thrown out.
- Why do you do that?
- I like to watch her leave.
Caruso-- this is a highly-secret training class, and that girl could very easily be an enemy spy.
No problem.
I've been checking her out for the past few weeks.
- And she's okay?
- She's sensational.
Where is the rest of the class?
They're rehearsing for the graduation exercises.
Why aren't you two with them?
Because it doesn't look like we're gonna be graduating.
Yes, I see.
First of all, you're very weak in two very important espionage subjects-- your grades are alarming in disarming, and you're failing in tailing.
Well, gentlemen, I happen to be an expert in both those subjects.
You see, the whole trick is in coordination, timing and agility.
Now our first subject will be tailing.
Okay, any questions?
Our next subject will be the art of disarming.
Now the important thing to remember in disarming is that you must have two participants-- the disarmer and the disarmee.
I'd like to have two volunteers, please.
Okay then, Caruso and Lundy.
Why does it have to be us?
All right, let's set up a little situation and see how you handle it.
Caruso, you will be a Kaos agent robbing a CONTROL safe.
Lundy, you will come in and you will find him robbing the safe, and you will pull a gun on him.
Now it will be your job to disarm him.
Okay?
Let's see how you do it.
- Safe's over here.
- Oh.
It's gotta be around here somewhere.
All right, gentlemen.
I'm going to give you a simple little tailing assignment.
My fiancée is spending the day shopping.
As a matter of fact, right at this very moment she's in that bridal shop across the street.
Now, your job will be to follow her for the entire day, make a complete report of her activities, and turn it in to me by 6:00 this evening.
- That shouldn't be hard.
- A lot harder than you think.
You see, Agent 99 happens to be one of CONTROL's shadowing experts.
As a matter of fact, she won the Lamont Cranston Award three years in a row.
She has an uncanny feeling for knowing when she's being followed.
- How will we recognize her?
- Very simple-- Her official CONTROL photograph is in this envelope.
Well, that's about it.
Good luck, men, And remember, when you are following someone, the important thing is to remain inconspicuous.
Inconspicuous, right!
Come in, Chief.
- What is it, 99?
- Chief, I just left the bridal shop, but all they gave me was a piece of material.
That material has metallic threads running through it.
Those threads are actually micro recording wires that contain the first part of the Gaul Formula.
How clever!
Is that her?
I can't tell.
Caruso: Hmm.
Now that looks more like her.
- That's her!
- Chief, I'll check in again after I leave Carlyle's Catering Service.
Chief!
There are two Kaos agents following me.
Uh-oh, I didn't think they'd be onto us this fast.
Are you sure, 99?
I'll check.
- I'm sure, Chief.
- All right, 99.
If you can, lose them.
Meanwhile, I'll put a couple of men on to tail them and protect you.
Right, Chief.
Larabee, I need a couple of men for surveillance duty.
Who's available?
No, wait a minute.
On second thought, I'll look in the CONTROL file of the graduating class.
Why the graduating class, Chief?
Because Kaos knows what all our agents look like.
Those CONTROL Bubblegum Cards we came out with last year backfired.
What we need on this are a couple of agents Kaos has never seen.
- How about him, Chief?
- No, he can't be spared.
They're rehearsing the graduation exercises today, and he's doing the tenor solo in "You'll Never Walk Alone".
Oh, these two look all right to me.
- Rookie CONTROL agents 198 and 199.
- Contact them immediately and have them stake out Carlyle's Catering Service.
any minute now.
Tell them not to contact her directly, but be on the lookout for two Kaos agents who are following her.
Do you think they can handle it, sir?
They look capable enough to me.
She just went into the catering store.
- Who did?
- Agent 99.
Huh.
Did you spot the two Kaos agents the Chief said are following 99?
Not yet, but we'll know 'em when we see 'em.
One's short like you, the other's tall like me.
of the catering store.
Come in, Chief.
How are things going, 99?
Oh, just fine.
I'm just leaving the catering service.
They gave me a sample menu with gravy spots all over it.
Is the menu in code, Chief?
No, the gravy spots are in code.
Are you still being tailed by those two Kaos agents?
Yes, Chief.
They're just up the street.
One is reading a newspaper, and the other's hiding in the mailbox.
Well, don't worry, I've got a couple of our men watching them.
Use evasive action and proceed to your next destination, the flower shop.
Right, Chief.
We'll wait here and see if she's being followed.
Hold it!
Two guys just came out of the catering store.
Did the Chief say one is short and one is tall?
- Right.
- Then that's them.
Let's go.
Do you think we should follow 99 or the Kaos agents?
Well, there's no sense following the Kaos agents.
- Why not?
- I saw the picture.
Now here's what we should do-- we check back with the Chief, we tell him the two Kaos guys went into the theater and we ask him if we should follow 99, or stay here with them.
Right.
You watch the door, I'll make the call.
Right.
This is the Chief.
Oh, hello, 198.
What's up?
Well, obviously the Kaos agents are trying to shake you.
Keep that theater under surveillance until they come out.
No, don't worry about 99.
As long as they're in that theater, 99 is safe.
- What's all that about 99, Chief?
- It's nothing, Max.
Nothing.
- Is she in any danger?
- Max, I can't discuss it.
Now just a moment, Chief!
We're getting married next week.
If anybody has a right to know, it's me!
All right, Max.
I'll tell you something, but I don't want you to worry about it.
I've sent 99 on a special assignment.
At this very moment her life may be in jeopardy.
Okay, now tell me the part you don't want me to worry about.
That's it.
And don't ask me to tell you any more about it, because I'm not allowed to discuss it.
- Not even with me?
- Not even with you, Max.
This case is a COS security risk.
You know what that means.
Yes.
It can only be discussed under the Cone of Silence.
- Right.
- Well, why don't we use it, Chief?
Because it isn't working properly.
- It still isn't working?
- It has never worked properly!
Well that's our fault, Chief.
We never should have bought it at a discount place.
We should have got it from the federal government.
That was three years ago.
There was talk at the time that they might go out of business.
Well, I insist that we use it.
All right, Max.
Isn't there any way we can perfect that thing?
Well, yes, but unfortunately Professor Cone, the man who invented the Cone of Silence, is out of the country.
The Cone of Silence was invented by a Professor Cone?
That's right.
That's funny.
Doesn't look it.
Okay, Chief.
Let her go.
The case I assigned 99 to has to do with the Gaul Formula.
What?
on the Gaul Formula.
But why is she in danger?
- What?
-  Why is she in danger?
- Who?
- What?
Not what, who?
!
What?
The case I assigned 99 to--  I told you, Max, it's not working!
Then I'm afraid, Chief, that we'll be forced to use CONTROL's Secret Word File.
Max, only in the most extreme emergencies are we permitted to use the CONTROL Secret Word File.
Or when the Cone of Silence is not working.
You're right, Max.
Telephone call, Chief.
What?
Well, thank you, Chief.
I'll see you later.
Oh-- one last question.
As long as we were using CONTROL's Secret Word File, why did we have to do it under the Cone of Silence?
That was going to be my next card to you, Max.
- Go ahead, 99.
- I just came out of the florist shop and all they gave me was a nosegay.
That nosegay comprises part three of the formula.
The number of petals on each flower represents a key equation.
Be very careful with it.
Right, Chief.
I'll bring everything right in to CONTROL.
No, take them over to Lum Fong's Chinese Hand Laundry.
Chinese Hand Laundry?
Lum Fong is CONTROL's top cipher expert.
He'll take the three parts of the Gaul Formula, break them down and put them in a new code which will look like laundry marks inside the collar of a shirt, which will then be sent to one of our scientists in Peru.
Chief, you know the two Kaos agents who've been following me?
Now there's only one!
- One of the same two?
- No, it's a different one.
I noticed him before, but I had no idea he was following me.
- Are you sure it's the same man?
- I'm absolutely positive.
He's dressed a little bit unusually for August.
Ho, ho, ho.
Maybe I'd better try to give him the slip before I go to Lum Fong's.
No time for that.
You've got to go there immediately.
It'll take Lum Fong a couple of hours at least to correlate and recode that material, and that shirt must be on CONTROL's - Right, Chief.
- I'll get Agents 198 and 199 directly over to Lum Fong's in case there's trouble.
Good luck, 99.
"Herro"!
- Hello.
- What can do for "rady"?
I'd like to speak to Lum Fong, please.
- I "Rum" Fong.
- No, I have to speak to Lum Fong, like in "Lum and Abner".
I "Rum," like "Rum and Abner".
Well, I'm Secret Agent 99.
I have something for you.
That and that and that.
What I supposed to do with this stuff?
Where is "Formura"?
What do you mean, where's the "Formura"?
Wait a minute, you're supposed to know that!
You're not Lum Fong!
You very "crever"!
You right-- I not "Rum" Fong.
I not even Chinese.
I Yakuro Yamasaki-- Japanese Kaos agent and master of disguise.
Can impersonate Chinese "rike" that.
All right, drop the gun and stay right where you are.
Max!
Merry Christmas, 99.
I thought you were a Kaos agent.
Why are you dressed like a Santa Claus in August?
Er, yes, this.
Well, you see, Saturday night is the CONTROL Costume Party, and all the good costumes were gone.
This was the only one left.
Who's he?
He's a Japanese Kaos agent-- Yakuro Yamasaki.
Yakuro Yamasaki, eh?
Max!
The two Kaos agents!
Kaos agents, they're rookie CONTROL agents-- Lundy and Caruso.
Please not try to "forrow" if you want to "rive"!
Caruso and Lundy to cover the back.
You stay here and cover the front.
Be careful, Max!
- Drop your gun!
- What?
Oh.
All right, Smart!
Don't come any "croser"!
So!
The old flatiron-on- the-hot-coals trick, eh?
Well, my friend, two can play that game.
I think it only fair to warn you, my friend, that I'm CONTROL's fencing and ironing expert.
Now, I "fratten" your face!
Hold it, Yamasaki!
The pants!
Don't worry, my friend, I've never taken advantage of an unarmed man.
All right, Lundy, Caruso, get him outta here.
Right.
Max, he almost got away with it.
Yes, but there's an old Chinese proverb that goes, "Life is like a pair of chopsticks.
If you grab them you," uh No, that's not it.
Oh, let's see "Life is like a shirt.
If you lose your buttons you--" no, that's not it.
Let's see I've got it!
Life is a kumquat!
That's it?
Life isn't a kumquat?
{END OF EPISODE 07}{START OF EPISODE 08}
Who wrote "Little Women"?
Lonely little men.
- Good morning, Chief.
- Morning, Max.
I'll certainly be glad when the security alert is over.
I've spent half my time learning new passwords and countersigns.
Do we really have to be that careful just because the Chameleon is back in circulation?
Max, the Chameleon is the most insidious agent KAOS has.
Remember he can make himself look and sound like anybody in the world.
Yeah, he's really terrific.
He can even do Frank Gorshin.
But surely, he can't penetrate the security of CONTROL.
He's done it once before.
He disguised himself as one of our men and crashed the Christmas party.
The worst part is he made a total fool of himself.
- What's so bad about that?
- He was disguised as me.
Chief, did you want to talk to me about something?
No, I didn't want to talk to you about something.
I was under the impression you wanted to talk to me.
No, I didn't want to talk to you, Chief.
Oh well, I didn't want to talk to you either.
- Chief, have you got a minute?
- Yes, why?
There's something I want to talk to you about.
You see, Chief, well I'm getting married in a few days and I was gonna have Hymie the robot as my best man and you sent him out of the country on an assignment.
I'm sorry, Max, but this was a very special mission.
It called for someone who was passive, emotionless.
Someone who wouldn't show any signs of feeling.
It had to be the robot.
Couldn't you get Ed Sullivan?
Max, you'll be needing a best man.
I'd like to recommend someone whom everyone in CONTROL holds in great reverence and respect.
Thank you, Chief, but I can't be my own best man.
Not you, Max.
I'm referring to Admiral Hargrade, the former head of CONTROL.
The old man himself, eh?
I'm very honored, Chief, But, well gosh, he's 95 years old.
Do you think he can do the job?
I said he'd be the best man, not the groom.
Max, I strongly recommend it.
- How strongly?
- It's an order.
In that case, I accept the recommendation.
Max, this is all very hush-hush.
The admiral is arriving in Washington for some top-level secret conferences involving the security of our nation, as well as to pitch in the old-timer's baseball game against the CIA.
But we have one problem: the admiral must be given full protection at all times.
Right, we don't want the CIA to win that ballgame.
As you know, the admiral has very little concern for his own personal safety.
As your best man, we could provide him with full security without his even being aware of it.
Now he'll stay at your apartment and you're to keep your eye on him at all times.
Max, I don't have to tell you how much KAOS would like to get the admiral in their clutches.
The admiral's arriving now.
Admiral, for a man your age, you're in remarkable shape.
- I don't know how you do it.
- Prunes.
Thank you, Thaddeus.
Hey, isn't this room a little smaller than it used to be?
Max, aren't you going to say something to the admiral?
Who wrote "Little Women"?
Louisa May Alcott.
- Wrong.
- Max.
I danced the Virginia Reel with Louisa at a cotillion back in '86.
She always wore essence of lavender-- used to perspire a lot.
Could you give me a little shove, please?
Thank you.
Chief-- Hold it, Larrabee.
Who wrote "Little Women"?
The book or the picture?
It was a book?
- This just arrived for the admiral.
- Thanks, Larrabee.
"Welcome back.
Stop.
Will do everything within my power to get you.
Stop me if you can.
Cordially, the Chameleon".
The nerve of that man to send a wire like that.
I'll say he's got nerve.
He sent it collect.
Gentlemen, these are dangerous times.
We must be ever alert, vigilant and ready at a moment's notice to take   Okay, Admiral, let's whip you a little fastball right in here.
Oh, dear.
Are you all right, Admiral?
Oh, don't worry about me.
Just get the door.
Who's there?
It's me, Max.
Who wrote "Little Women"?
I don't know.
Why, are you doing a crossword puzzle?
If you really are who you're supposed to be, you'd know the password.
Max, this is my day off.
I haven't even been down to CONTROL headquarters.
A likely story.
All right, Chameleon, step inside, and don't make any false moves.
Max, I'm not the Chameleon.
I'm 99.
We'll soon see.
What are you gonna do?
I'm going to dial 99's home phone number.
If she answers, then I'll know that you're an impostor.
But, Max Answering machine: Hello, this is 99.
Thank you, 99.
That's all I wanted to know.
All right, Chameleon, are you ready to confess?
Max, that's my voice on my automatic answering device.
You don't really expect me to buy that one, do you?
If you're so convinced I'm the Chameleon, pull the trigger.
You're a clever devil, Chameleon, disguising yourself as the one person in the world you know I couldn't harm.
Oh, Max, it's really me.
Well, I certainly hope it's you, 99.
Because if it's not, I just fell in love with the Chameleon.
It is me, Max.
All right, I'll buy that for now.
- But I'll find out on Saturday night.
- What do you mean?
We're getting married Saturday morning.
And I warn you, if I find out on our wedding night that you're really the Chameleon, you're paying for half the room.
Max, is that Admiral Hargrade?
Yes, come on, 99.
Give me a hand.
Get him on the couch.
-  - What's he doing here?
Right now, he's taking a nap.
You see, 99, Hymie is away on a very important mission.
So the admiral is gonna be my best man.
He's staying here with me until the wedding.
That's why all the fuss about the password.
The Chameleon knows that he's here and he's after him.
It's my job to protect him.
That's why no one is coming through that door unless they know the password.
- What about Mr. Bob?
- Mr. Bob who?
Just Mr. Bob.
The interior decorator.
He's coming to look at the apartment.
- I'm sorry he can't come in.
- But, Max!
You said when we decided we'd live here after we got married that I could redecorate this place my way.
If you want to redecorate it your way, what do you need with Mr. Bob?
That's what a interior decorator is for-- to help you redecorate your way his way.
- I'm sorry, he can't come in.
- Max!
I'm sorry, 99.
Make him come back in a couple of weeks.
No, that won't work.
If he doesn't get started right away it won't be finished by the time we get back from our honeymoon.
Shh, you're waking the admiral.
Please, Max.
Well, all right, he can come in.
But he's gonna get a very close examination.
-  - That must be him now.
I'll see.
- Is it him?
- I can't tell.
- Is it a man or a woman?
- That's what I can't tell.
That's him.
- We've gotta get him out of sight.
- Right, Max.
Come on, Admiral.
Florence Nightingale?
No, Admiral.
I'm 99.
You sure don't look it, dear.
All right, Admiral.
Let's go now.
You'll have to finish your nap someplace else.
We're expecting some company.
-  - Coming.
Right up the stairs, old timer.
-  -  Just a minute.
Hi, I'm Mr. Bob.
I'm Mr. Max.
Ehh-- I'm afraid, Mr. Bob, before I can allow you to come in here, I'll have to see some form of identification.
- I may even have to search you.
- Oh On second thought, I think identification will be quite enough.
Well, Mr. Max, I can understand why you want to be sure I'm me.
There are so many impostors.
When you're paying Mr. Bob, you have a right to know you're getting Mr. Bob.
Which license would you like to see?
- Driving or flying?
- Either one.
Here we are.
Are you kidding me?
This picture doesn't look anything like you.
- That's my thumbprint.
- Oh.
All right, you can come in.
Thank you.
Miss 99.
What do you think?
Hate it.
Hate it.
Hate it.
Except, of course this wonderful old admiral lamp.
Does it turn on?
Let's see, and six yards of the purple burlap.
It's gonna be the challenge of my career, but I think I can do it.
You ever thought about moving?
I'm not so sure I like the idea of a trampoline instead of a bed.
Oh, I have one, Miss 99.
I just love it.
Of course it is difficult to find sheets for it.
Well, ciao.
- 86, the Chief-- - Hold it, hold it, Larrabee.
Who wrote "Little Women"?
The play or the TV special?
- It was a play?
- No time for passwords, Max.
The Chief wants to see you and 99 immediately.
- What's up, Larrabee?
- I don't know.
Something about the Chameleon.
I'll stay here and guard the admiral.
Now just a moment, Larrabee.
If the Chief wanted to talk to us, why did he send you over here?
Why didn't he call us on the phone?
Your line might've been tapped.
That makes sense.
All right Larrabee, you can stay here and guard the admiral.
But don't let anybody in that door for any reason whatsoever.
Most important of all, don't take your eyes off the old man for a minute.
- Max?
- What is it?
- Where is the admiral?
- 99.
Wake up, Admiral.
I think I need a haircut.
What'd you wanna see us about, Chief?
What're you two doing here?
You're supposed to be guarding the admiral!
Larrabee came to my apartment and said you wanted to see us right away, Chief.
Didn't you, Larrabee?
Larrabee, what are you doing here?
I left you at the apartment to guard the admiral.
- No, you didn't, Max.
- I didn't?
- No!
- Who did we leave to guard the admiral?
- The Chameleon!
- Of course, the Chameleon.
The Chameleon?
Don't be ridiculous, 99.
I wouldn't leave the admiral with the Chameleon!
Max, don't you understand?
Larrabee was the Chameleon!
Come on.
Larrabee, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Hurry up, Max.
We don't know what's going on in there.
Wouldn't you know it?
I left my key inside on the desk.
We've got to get in there.
Larrabee, break the door down.
Hold it, Larrabee.
Don't be ridiculous, Chief.
This door is impregnable.
It's built to stand the onslaught of a dozen burly toughs, hand grenades, an antitank gun, and possibly my landlady.
How are we gonna get in there?
Well, there is one way.
I always keep an extra key under the mat.
Admiral!
Is he, or isn't he?
- Is he or isn't he what?
- Alive.
- He's still breathing.
- Do something, Max.
I'll do anything but mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
Help me up, please.
What happened, Admiral?
Well, let me see now.
I was standing here, not doing anything in particular you understand, just standing.
And suddenly this fellow came bursting through that door and began to attack me.
And then he chased me around the room.
Here's your man!
That's not your attacker, Admiral.
This is Agent Larrabee.
Oh, well then, who attacked me?
That was the Chameleon very cleverly disguised to look like Larrabee.
You see, Admiral, what you thought was Larrabee was not really Larrabee at all, but merely Larrabee as impersonated by the Chameleon.
It takes a very trained eye to discover the real Larrabee from the fake Larrabee.
All right, fella, who wrote "Little Women"?
That's enough, Max.
Admiral, what happened to the Chameleon?
Well, he forced me back across the room to a point near the window, right here.
And then he lunged at me.
Thank you.
Well, much as I detest violence, I had no choice but to dispatch him with a karate chop.
Like so.
The last I saw of him he was going over me and out the window.
There's no sign of him out there.
That awning must've broken his fall.
Come on, Max.
Sir, if you're feeling up to it, the first of our secret meetings will be held at my office at 1500.
Well, of course I'll be there, Thaddeus.
Max and 99, I want you to stay here and protect the admiral.
Don't let anybody in here even if you're absolutely sure that you know him.
Because if I know the Chameleon, he'll be back.
If you know the Chameleon, Chief, why don't you tell us what he looks like?
Max, I don't know what he looks like.
He could look like anybody.
He could even look like you.
All right, handsome, who wrote "Little Women"?
Hurry up, Admiral, or we'll be late getting down to headquarters.
- I'll be right down.
-  Hold it, 99.
That could be the Chameleon.
Max, you're right.
Who is it?
- It's me, Mr. Bob.
- That's not the Chameleon, Max.
Wait a minute, 99, how do we know it's not the Chameleon?
We don't know the Chameleon's first name and we don't know Mr. Bob's last name.
It could very well be Mr. Bob Chameleon.
You get over there.
I'll cover him.
Oh, hi, Miss 99.
Did I happen to leave my book of suede swatches here?
All right, don't move and you won't get hurt.
Okay, 99, rip his face off.
Max, this isn't the Chameleon.
This is Mr. Bob.
All right, 99, if you won't do it, I guess I'll have to.
Max!
All right, fella, I think we'll start by pulling off your false nose.
I warn you, Mr. Smart, you touch me and you'll regret it.
Well, 99, do you still think that's Mr. Bob?
I'm not quite sure, Max.
Maybe this will convince you.
Wait a minute!
You call that a minute?
-  You had enough, pally?
- What happened to your voice?
Nuthin'.
This is my real voice.
My other voice is my professional voice.
Your professional voice?
Sure, I come in here talking like this, you gonna let me decorate your apartment?
No, but I might ask you to move it.
Could I have my suede swatches, Miss 99?
Got a lot of work waiting for me back at my boutique.
Thanks, Miss 99.
Well, ciao.
Well, that's it, 99.
The Chameleon has got me completely baffled.
I don't know whether I'm coming or going.
I'm beginning to suspect everybody.
I know that, Max, but what can we do about it?
For one thing, I can call the Chief and recommend that he cancel those secret conferences until we capture the Chameleon.
Put down that phone, Mr. Smart.
Max, that's not the admiral's voice.
He must be the Chameleon.
- Very perceptive, young lady.
- How long have you been disguised?
After I came in as Larrabee, I drugged the admiral's prunes.
Then I ransacked the place to make it look like there had been a fight, and I was lying here when you came back.
And now you're going to take the admiral's place at the conference.
Of course, the old drug-his-prunes- fake-the-fight- ransack-the-apartment- and-switch-place- with-the-admiral trick.
with the admiral?
He is now in the custody of one of our agents heading toward a downtown section of this city, where, in his drugged condition, he will wander the streets as a wino for the next 12 hours.
Long enough for me to attend that conference and get the information KAOS wants.
And just how do you propose stopping us from stopping you?
I'm going to lock the both of you in that closet right now.
It'll never work.
But it's certainly worth a try.
If only I had listened to the man from the telephone company.
He wanted to put an extension in here.
Max, you don't suppose the Chameleon left the key in the door when he locked us in here?
Now that is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard in my life.
Why in the world would the Chameleon wanna leave a key in the door?
- You could look, Max.
- All right, 99.
I can't see anything.
There's something blocking the keyhole.
The key!
I know that, 99.
I knew I should've listened to the man from the lock company.
- He told me to buy a skinnier key.
- It's no use, Max.
The meeting's gonna begin in about 10 minutes and without the key, we'll never get out of here in time.
Wait a minute, 99.
We're not licked yet.
I just thought of something.
- I always leave a spare under the mat.
- You have a mat in your closet?
Yes, thank heavens I listened to the man from the mat company.
Now, here's what I want you to do: when we get out of here, I want you to go downtown and find the admiral.
I'm going over to the Chief's office and expose the Chameleon.
Now that we're all here, we might as well start.
We'll begin with these latest intelligence reports on the Middle East.
Hold it, Chief.
This man is an imposter.
He's wearing a disguise.
Everything about him is fake: fake hair, fake mustache-- Max, what're you doing?
That's the real admiral.
My men just picked him up on skid row.
- They did?
- Yes!
He was wandering around trying to get a quarter for a gallon of muscatel.
I'll drink to that.
Not a trace of him, Max.
That's all right, 99.
They found the real Admiral.
I don't understand it.
Somehow, somewhere along the line, the Chameleon must've changed identities.
Which means, Chief, that someone here in this room is the Chameleon.
All right, I wanna see everybody's identification card.
Where's your identification, 99?
Right here, Mr. Smart.
So you're the Chameleon.
That's right.
As I was entering the building disguised as the admiral, I saw the real admiral being brought in so I quickly switched identities.
And now, gentlemen, I think I've overstayed my welcome, so I'll bid you all farewell.
Till we meet again, Mr. Smart.
- Get out a code 4 alert immediately.
- Right, Chief.
Hello, security?
This is a code-four alert.
I want all airports, railroad stations and bus terminals covered immediately.
Be on the lookout for a man with long brown hair, full sensuous lips and lovely blue eyes.
And be careful, he's got a gun in his purse.
On the other hand, he could be a tall girl with a white mustache in an admiral's uniform.
Or a little boy in a sailor suit with a rubber duck.
And try to take him alive.
He may be my fiancée.
Oh, yeah?
Same to you, fella.
{END OF EPISODE 08}{START OF EPISODE 09}
Dr. Madre?
No.
Then why did you give me all those signals?
I was going to ask you the same thing.
- Maxwell Smart?
- Yes.
I'm Dr. Madre.
Sit down.
I had to be careful of KAOS.
I understand, Doctor.
I've been working on an experiment alone, isolated for I don't know how long.
I've lost track of time.
Three-- it might even be four years.
I think that man at the bar is after me.
That's a woman.
Then it's been four years.
Listen, Dr. Madre, haven't you been working for KAOS for the past five years?
- KAOS and Ohrbach's.
- Ohrbach's?
Well, during the Christmas rush I like to pick a little extra money.
I wrap well.
I took the liberty of ordering for you.
Would you like to see a dinner menu?
That won't be necessary.
Just bring me a little plate of spaghetti.
One spaghetti dinner.
Now, Dr. Madre, when you called me you told me you had something very important to give me.
- Something invaluable.
- Yes.
The map showing the exact location of the Melnick uranium mines.
The Melnick uranium mines?
But KAOS has been after that map for the past five years.
I intercepted it before it got to KAOS.
- You have it?
- You have it.
- I have it?
- You just drank it.
Of course, I just drank the map.
I just drank the map?
That's the experiment I've been working on.
I've developed a process which turns paper into a liquid solution.
I slipped that solution into your drink.
Stand up, Mr. Smart.
If you don't mind, Doctor, I'd just as soon sit.
If you want that map to appear, stand up.
In 48 hours, a rash will break out on your chest.
That rash will be in the form of a map-- the map of the Melnick uranium mines.
Why, that's fantastic.
- Tell me-- - Don't sit!
Don't sit!
The body must remain vertical for the next 48 hours, or the change in circulation will prevent the map from appearing.
Eat your food so we don't look conspicuous.
You will encounter certain symptoms.
First, you will itch.
Uh, then the itch will turn into a twitch.
But whether you itch or twitch, never never scratch.
- Why not?
- It doesn't look nice.
- "It doesn't look nice"?
- Besides, it'll erase the map.
Wait a minute, Doctor, this is impossible.
I'm getting married tomorrow and I'm going on my honeymoon tomorrow night.
Well, you'll just have to postpone the wedding.
Yes, well, okay, I can postpone the wedding, but what about my honeymoon?
Have your honeymoon in a place where you have to stand up.
- A museum.
- A museum?
Now what kind of a girl would want to go on a honeymoon in a museum?
Doesn't she like art?
Yes, but not that much.
Dr. Madre?
Dr. Madre?
Hello, Max.
How do you feel on the night before your wedding?
- A little nervous?
- Hi, Chief.
How are you, Admiral?
Chief, I have to talk to you right away about a very important case.
I'm fine, thank you.
I'm very flattered you've chosen me to be best man at your wedding, Maxwell.
Here's a little check for your wedding gift.
- Oh, thank you.
- Oh!
Oh, as long as I'm up, I might as well be on my way.
- Come on, get up.
- There you are.
Well, got to run.
Thank you.
- Well, Max, what's on your mind?
-  Well, Chief, I didn't want to say this in front of the admiral, but I'm going to have to postpone my wedding for 48 hours.
What?
Why?
Because by that time my rash will have cleared up.
Oh, I see.
Nerves.
Well, let's talk about it, Max.
Sit down.
I can't sit down, Chief.
It'll ruin my rash.
Now, Max, it's perfectly normal for a man to get cold feet and have second thoughts on the eve of his marriage.
Believe me, you're not making a mistake.
Look, Chief, all I want to do is postpone my wedding for 48 hours, and I'm asking you to tell 99 I'm on a very important mission.
Max, I can't lie to 99.
But I'm not asking you to lie to 99!
I really am on an important mission!
Well, that's impossible, Max.
I didn't send you on a mission!
No, but Dr. Madre did!
Dr. Madre?
The KAOS scientist?
Max, you're not making any sense.
All right, Chief, you want me to make sense?
How's this for sense?
The exact location of the Melnick uranium mines.
- How did you get it?
- You just drank it.
- I drank it.
- You drank it?
Yes, I drank the drug, Chief, but I thought it was wine.
Look, I know you're confused.
Let me try and explain it to you.
You see, in a little while I'm going to start to itch, and then I'm gonna start to twitch.
And in 48 hours I'm gonna break out in a map.
- Now do you understand?
- Perfectly.
And now I'm going to tell you something that I hope you'll understand.
You're crazy!
Crazy with fear about getting married.
Let me tell you something-- if you don't wanna go through with your marriage then have the decency to go to 99 and tell it to her face.
Max, if you don't want to marry me just say so, but don't expect me to believe a ridiculous story like that.
But, 99, I do want to marry you!
What can I say to make you believe me?
-  -  - Who is it?
- Woman: It's me.
Oh.
Max, that's my mother!
- I know it.
- Max!
Is she moving in with us already?
We're not even married yet.
Come on, Max, she's just coming to help me redecorate the apartment.
- Hi.
- Hi, Mom!
I'm sorry I was so long.
I had to go through every bit of my luggage, but I knew I'd brought it with me.
- Oh!
- Oh.
I'm sure we'll find someplace for it.
Yes.
How about Niagara Falls?
Yeah.
Mother, would you like to make us some coffee?
- The kitchen's right back there?
- Certainly, darling.
- Oh.
-  Oh, dear.
having your mother here in my apartment.
She's liable to activate by accident one of my protective devices.
- Max, that isn't-- - How am I going to explain it to her?
After all, she thinks I'm in the greeting card business.
Max, you don't have to worry about it.
I rewired the devices myself.
- Max, what is it?
- It's a twitch.
A twitch!
That map is coming out.
I told you but you wouldn't believe me!
Oh, Max, you're just nervous about getting married tomorrow.
Come on, I'll make you a drink.
You can sit down and relax.
to sit down.
You don't have to worry about sitting down on the barstool.
That won't activate the net.
Now, it's only activated when you-- Lean on the bar.
Coffee will be ready in a min-- Well, don't you look nice.
Gonna do a little fishing on your honeymoon?
until I find out something.
Did you fool around with the invisible wall?
Oh, no.
That wasn't necessary.
It doesn't work.
What do you mean?
It worked this morning.
I'll show you.
- I don't understand that.
- I'm asking you.
I'm begging you.
I'm pleading you.
For the last time, please let me postpone the wedding for 48 hours!
No, it is absolutely out of the question.
All the preparations have been made, and if we postpone it now what are people gonna to think?
I don't care what people are going to think!
No, if you don't go through with it tomorrow just forget the whole thing.
All right, 99, we'll go through with it tomorrow.
Ah.
Oh, Max, my mother.
I'll bet she's heard the whole thing.
- What's she gonna think?
- She probably didn't hear anything.
You don't know my mother.
She has a way of listening at doors.
She wouldn't do that.
Your coffee's ready, bum.
Mother, I'm sorry we don't have time to drink it.
We weren't watching the time.
We've gotta go.
I'll get your coat.
How did you do that?
Do what?
Coming!
Dr. Madre!
I know you're surprised to see me, Smart.
Man: Get in there!
They know about the map, Smart.
What could I do?
They threatened me.
They tortured me.
They even shoved me around.
- What did you tell them?
- You don't shove around a doctor.
We know all we need to know.
Jacoby, you fool, you tie his hands.
He cannot scratch the rash.
All right, gentlemen, there's just two questions I'd like to ask.
First, if you're so clever how come you walked into this trap?
What trap?
We are holding the guns.
That was my second question.
You are going to remain standing, Smart, for 48 hours until we get that map from your chest.
And to make sure you don't lie down Now wait a minute.
I can't hang here for 48 hours.
I'm getting married at 11:00 in the morning.
I'm afraid you're going to have to miss your wedding.
But you won't miss your funeral, Because once we get that map we're going to dispose of you.
And just how do you propose to do that?
Simple.
You're going to write a suicide note, and then you're going to jump off the top of the Washington Monument.
- It'll never work.
-  But it's certainly worth a try.
What time is it now, doctor?
It's, uh, 10:30.
in a half hour!
I deserted her.
He's not gonna show up.
He doesn't want to marry me.
Don't say that.
He'll be here.
He must have stopped off for something on the way.
Of course, darling, he probably stopped off at a bar for a drink.
At 10:30 in the morning?
Bums drink at any hour.
Chief: I just remembered-- Admiral Hargrade was supposed to stop by Max's apartment to pick him up.
We've got to get out of here.
Another twitch?
Another twitch, Kohlman, and they're starting to come 15 minutes apart.
He's not having a baby, he's having a map, you fool.
Come, let's see what's going on with the chest here.
Look look look, the map is starting to appear.
Here's a river and here's a lake!
And here's a forest.
That's not a forest.
That's hair on my chest.
No, I think it's a forest.
And I'm telling you it's hair on my chest.
-  - You're right.
But this is a mountain.
That's a mole.
Well, it looks like a mountain to me.
I said it's a mole.
Stop trying to make a mountain out of a mole!
Who's that?
It's probably my best man.
He's coming to pick me up for the wedding.
Admiral: It's me, Maxwell-- Admiral, uh - Oh, darn.
- You'd better let him in.
I know it as well as my own name.
- Admiral - Stand right there and don't move.
Oh, all right.
What will I do with him?
- Watch him very closely.
-  - Do you have a match here?
- Matches.
Uh, let's see.
Oh!
Here you go.
Lighter.
Mmm.
Thank you very much, Smart.
My pleasure.
All right, Jacoby, drop it!
Drop it!
- Both of you, move out of the way.
-  All right, into the closet.
Just as I thought.
There's room for both of you.
Uh, would you mind handing me my wedding suit?
It's the blue one with the blue shirt on top.
Thank you very much.
Madre: What's that?
My car is being fixed so they gave me a loaner.
Wait a minute.
I'm not allowed to sit down.
- You'll have to drive, Doctor.
- I don't drive.
- Well, how about you, Admiral?
- Of course!
Just hand me the reins!
Doctor, we're gonna have to turn to get out of here.
Do you know how to turn?
Well, of course I know how to turn.
I've been doing it for years.
Not you, the car!
I even turn the other way.
Will you get out of here?
Put it in first!
Shift, shift!
Max: Use the clutch!
He's not coming.
He's not coming.
He's not coming.
Let's give him a few more minutes, 99.
I'm sure there must be some explanation for all of this.
Max: Watch it!
Slow down!
Faster, faster!
Stop weaving, doctor!
The guests are starting to ask questions.
- Have they all arrived?
- Everyone except the bum.
Chief, you better go downstairs and tell them the wedding is off.
Let's give the bum another few minutes-- I mean Max.
Max: Keep your eyes on the road!
Can't you drive any faster?
Madre: I'm going as fast as I can.
- He's not coming.
- It's getting late.
We ought to start.
We can't, Your Honor.
The groom hasn't arrived yet.
Max: Not so sharp!
He's not coming.
I hope he gets here soon.
I'm due in divorce court in an hour.
That's ironic.
You perform a wedding, and an hour later you're presiding over a divorce.
Who's presiding?
I'm getting one.
Smart!
- What?
- Madre: How tall are you?
- 5'11"!
- 5'11"-- that's 100 yards from here.
And the speed is 60-- Smart?
- Max: Huh?
- Madre: You'd better duck!
What?
Madre: Never mind!
How can he do a thing like this to a wonderful girl like my daughter?
I guess he let the fear of getting married exaggerate to the point where he just couldn't go through with it.
- You really think that?
- I know the feeling.
I had it once myself.
That's why I never married.
Well, I still say that-- Oh, you're not married?
How nice.
There's no use delaying it.
I'd better inform the guests that the wedding's off.
-  - Oh, look!
Oh, thank heavens, he made it!
Come on, Admiral, we're gonna be late for the wedding!
You can start now!
Max, where have you been?
What happened?
I don't have time to explain now, Chief!
-  - Oh, hurry!
The map is breaking out!
We must get the ceremony under way!
The map?
You mean what he told me was true?
Well, of course.
That's why we are late.
We were detained by KAOS.
Sit over there, Mother.
Uh, Admiral, you better come over here.
Hold it!
Well, are we ready to start now?
I was just asking.
Hold my coat, Admiral.
All right.
Madre: No, no, Smart!
The map!
The map!
You mustn't lie down!
Madre: You tell him, Chief!
He won't listen to me.
Don't, Herbert.
It's between his family and her family.
- But, honey-- - Shut up.
- I wanna help.
- If you wanna help, shut up.
If this is the ceremony, I ain't staying for the reception.
We are gathered here to join this man and this woman in matrimony.
Into this estate these two persons come now to be joined.
-  - Do you take this man as your lawful wedded husband, to love, cherish and honor - so long as you both shall live?
- I do.
And do you, Maxwell, take this woman as your lawful wedded wife, to love, honor and cherish so long as you both shall live?
I do.
Uh, I do!
- Do you have the ring?
- Huh?
Oh, the ring.
Put it in your right hand, please, and place it on the bride's finger.
-  Max?
- Hmm?
Under and by virtue of the Judge of District Court of the District of Columbia I pronounce you man and wife.
Oh, Max, I hope you forgive me for not believing you about the rash and the map.
Forget it, 99.
I guess it did sound pretty ridiculous at the time.
It's getting pretty late.
Huh?
Oh, yes!
lt-- You know, 99, you have the prettiest shoulders.
Oh.
You've seen them before, Max.
Yes, but never without a holster.
Well, we really should be going to bed, Max.
I'm sorry to have to do this to you on your wedding night, Max, but until that map on your chest appears, I've got to keep you under heavy guard.
- I'm sorry.
- You're sorry?
Well, let's get some sleep.
Larrabee!
Henderson!
Put him up.
- Good night, Max.
- Good night, Larrabee.
Good night, Henderson.
Good night, Chief.
Max, good night.
Good night.
{END OF EPISODE 09}{START OF EPISODE 10}
Now observe carefully--  Well, what you think?
Amazing.
A laser weapon no larger than the size of a button.
- And it also comes in brass.
- What's the difference?
Brass buttons are $4.50 more.
When you told us you had a new laser, I expected a big heavy piece of equipment.
That's the most amazing weapon CONTROL's ever had.
What's it called?
Laser Blazer.
Maxwell Smart, Agent 86, will be here any minute to pick the laser up and take it back to Washington.
Now he doesn't know exactly what it is he's to pick up, all he knows is it's some sort of secret weapon.
Then I'd better sew up this change pocket so he doesn't activate the laser accidentally.
I have to be in Manila in an hour, so I'd better go back to the hotel and change into my Manila makeup.
Goodbye, Lin Chan.
- Lin Chan?
- At your service.
I'm Maxwell Smart.
I understand from some very special friends in Washington that I can get something here - that they don't have there.
- That is true.
And here it is-- a beautiful blazer.
No no no.
You don't understand, I didn't come here to shop.
I came here to get something big, something very special.
Sir, you take this jacket.
Believe me, you will love it.
Your boss will love it!
It was made especially to order for you.
I didn't order a jacket.
You don't have to order a jacket!
That's the way we operate.
When you buy a suit from me, you get a blazer free.
Yes, but I didn't buy a suit from you.
No?
Then what's that you're wearing?
Yes, but this-- it's a suit.
You see?
Now take the blazer and goodbye!
But I got this suit in Baltimore!
That doesn't matter.
My suits sell all over the world under different names.
Yes, but this was made by Harry Goldstone.
That's me!
- It is?
- Sure!
Well, that's funny, you don't look it, Harry.
Here, you take this blazer and have a nice flight back to United States.
All right, Lin Chan, I'll take the jacket, but not in this color.
But that's the only color it come in!
Oh.
Well, in that case, let me try it on.
You don't have to try it on.
Believe me, it fit perfect!
There's nothing like making sure.
There, you see?
Fit perfect!
What do you mean it fits perfect?
I haven't even got it on yet.
I am a tailor!
Take my word for it.
There, what I tell you?
Perfect!
Are you kidding me?
This is long enough to be an overcoat!
Okay!
So you got long jacket, or short overcoat.
Take your choice!
I can't even see my hands!
Then you don't need gloves!
Look, why don't I leave this jacket here to be altered, and I'll come back tomorrow and pick it up?
Tomorrow I ain't gonna be here.
I gonna be in lunatic asylum.
You take the jacket!
Have it altered in United States.
All right, Lin Chan, I'll take the jacket.
I'll take it in this color and I'll take it without being altered.
But I must have the buttons changed.
The buttons?
!
But that is the best part of the blazer!
You can't get these buttons where you come from!
Yes, but I don't like these buttons, I want a-- Thank you very much, Lin Chan, for your time and your trouble.
Okay, I got rid of the guy that was following me.
Now where is it?
Where is it?
You got it!
Yes, but don't you have something else for me?
Yes, this!
And you tell your friends in Washington I don't want to do business with them anymore!
Look, if you feel that way about it, here, take your jacket back.
Get out!
Holy kumquat!
Max!
to open the door - until I finish the secret knock.
- Oh, sorry.
Max!
Oh, I'm so glad you're back!
How was your trip to Hong Kong?
The worst, absolutely the worst.
as a CONTROL agent this is the most frustrating case that I've ever been on.
I went to this tailor shop in Hong Kong, like the Chief instructed me, but there was a KAOS agent following me.
- What happened?
- The tailor pretended that I was a customer who had come to pick up a blazer.
So I took the blazer, I left the tailor's shop and lost the KAOS agent who was following me.
Didn't you go back to the tailor shop?
The next day, but the tailor was gone.
Couldn't you locate him again?
They weren't allowing him any visitors.
Well, 99, I went all the way to Hong Kong to pick up a secret weapon, and I came back with a sports jacket.
- Looks like I've messed everything up.
- Oh, don't feel badly, Max, you've messed things up before and you'll mess things up again.
You're just saying that to make me feel good.
- That's what a wife's for.
- You know, coming back on the plane, I kept saying to myself, "How am I gonna tell the Chief about this"?
And then I figured it out: there's only one way to do it.
I have to go right down to his office, stand right up to him, look him right in the eye-- and lie.
You can tell him the truth!
Oh.
Why didn't I think of that?
Besides, you don't have to worry about him today, he's detained in Manila.
He'll be back tomorrow.
Good.
That'll give me a chance to think up a good true story.
Why don't you just relax?
I have to finish vacuuming.
I wanna get the house all cleaned up before the maid gets here.
The maid?
- What maid?
- I've hired a maid.
I found out there just weren't enough hours in the day to be an efficient housewife and a good spy.
But 99, if you've hired a maid, then may I ask what you're doing cleaning up the apartment?
If she comes and finds the apartment a mess, she might not want the job.
a maid here.
It's not safe!
We just won't leave any top-secret information lying around.
It's not that that I'm worried about, 99, it's the liquor that I'm worried about.
Oh, Max, you don't have to worry-- I got her from the CONTROL employment agency.
That does it!
You know how that bunch drinks!
Oh, Max, please.
I'm sorry, 99, but we can't afford a maid.
Yes, we can afford it.
We're both working.
You don't understand.
There's been a cutback at CONTROL.
From now on, all CONTROL agents have to pay for their guns, knives and ammunition out of their own personal pockets.
- That won't amount to much.
- Why not?
Because both KAOS and CONTROL have agreed to cut down on violence.
-  - That must be her now.
Please please, can't we keep her?
No, we cannot, 99.
I'm sorry, but we cannot afford a maid.
And that is final!
I'm going to tell her that right now.
How do you do?
I'm Ingrid your maid.
-  - I'm terribly sorry to be late.
Oh!
Come right in, Ingrid.
We were beginning to get worried about you.
- Hello, I'm Mrs. Smart.
- Ingrid.
- Could I help you with your bag?
- Oh, thank you.
I hope you'll be pleased with the way I clean.
Oh, I'm sure I will be.
- Where can I hang this?
- There's a closet, right over there.
Oh.
I'll take that, thank you.
She's very beautiful, Max.
When you've seen one maid, you've seen them all, 99.
She has an absolutely gorgeous figure!
- I didn't notice.
- Her legs are a little heavy.
I didn't think so.
I'll change to my uniform now.
- I'll help you.
- Max!
Oh-- what I meant, 99, was that I just wanted to take Ingrid upstairs and show her a place where she could change into her uniform.
- Oh, I'll show her.
Come on!
- Yeah!
It's right up there, the second door to the right.
Thank you, Mrs. Smart.
Now tell me about your trip, Max.
What trip?
That trip-- yes, I'm fine, thank-- I mean it was fine.
It was a fine trip, great trip.
Why don't you try on your new blazer while I get us some coffee?
Right, 99.
I'm afraid that this jacket doesn't fit too good, 99.
I may have to have it altered.
Let's see how it looks.
Oh, that's a lovely blazer, Max.
It needs to be shortened, but it looks good on you.
- You really like it?
- You look very handsome.
They forgot to unstitch the change pocket.
Oh, here.
Use this knife to cut it open.
Let me see the back.
Oh, that fits well.
How about some coffee?
That's funny-- I forgot to bring the coffeepot.
That's funny, I can't find the coffeepot anywhere.
You think that's funny?
I can't find the phone!
Max, what happened to the table lamp?
What happened to my suitcase?
There's something very strange going on here.
a very close eye on that maid.
KAOS Incorporated, this is Ingrid here.
I have the job and will find the miniature laser weapon as soon as possible.
I search the apartment from top to bottom, and if necessary-- Maxwell Smart.
Ingrid, what are you doing?
Good morning, Mrs. Smart.
I am getting familiar with the apartment, trying to find out where everything is.
Oh.
I wish I knew where everything was.
You haven't seen the coffeepot, by any chance?
No no, but I'll be happy to turn the place inside out to find it.
- Thank you.
-  Buon giorno, Mrs. Smart.
Good morning, Mr. Antonelli.
How are you today?
Eh-- not too good.
Business is just awful.
Awful!
I'm sorry to hear that.
Here.
These have to be cleaned and pressed.
And Mr. Smart's blazer gets shortened right up to where the pin is.
Next week'll be fine.
I bring 'em back the end of this week.
Next week I'll be closed on account of the fire.
Did you have a fire?
I'm gonna have a fire.
Ingrid, I'm going out shopping.
I'll be back in a few hours.
Very good, Mrs. Smart.
Morning, Ingrid.
What are you doing?
I was looking for the coffeepot that disappeared yesterday.
Oh yes.
Well, don't bother, it's probably cold by now.
Listen, Ingrid, I have an awful lot of work to do here, so if you don't mind, I'd appreciate it if you just leave your-- Oh!
What beautiful material.
Mmm!
Would you like to feel the lining?
Listen, Ingrid, why don't you-- gee, this is awfully heavy.
It feels like it's got a weight in-- Oh, Mr. Smart, do you know, you are extremely attractive?
Oh, well, I wouldn't say that.
Oh, you're very handsome.
That, I would say, yes.
And your eyes, so big, so brown, so beautiful.
Yes, well, sometimes they're bigger than at other times!
Are you all right, Mr. Smart?
Yes, I'm fine.
Never felt better in my life.
You might have pulled something and not know it.
Oh, I don't think so, I feel pretty good.
How about a massage, make you feel better?
-  A massage?
- Yes!
A nice old-fashioned Swedish massage, Wouldn't you like a massage?
Yes, well, I-- I just got married, Ingrid!
I can't have a massage!
Maybe in six months I could.
- There's somebody at the door.
- Yes, I'm busy!
- Yes, well I'm not!
- Oh no, don't go away!
Chief: Max!
Oh, hi, Chief!
This is Ingrid our massage.
She's giving me a maid-- uh, she's a maid!
How do you do, sir?
I think I'd better explain to you what actually happened over there.
I lost a cufflink in the couch and Ingrid was helping me look for it.
Would you believe a tie clasp?
I never saw anybody look for a tie clasp like that, Max.
Yes well, that's the Swedish way, Chief.
And believe me, it's gonna take the country by storm.
I'll fix something for you.
Toast and coffee?
You wanted to see me about something, Chief?
- Chief!
- Hmm?
Oh--!
Max, you and 99 deal in top-security information.
It may not be safe having a maid.
Look, I've been an experienced CONTROL agent for a long time, and I know when somebody is all right.
Now I've had my eye on that girl every hour of every day, every day of every week, and I'm telling you that she's okay.
I know her inside out!
- When did you hire her?
- Yesterday.
- Max!
- Look, what are you worried about?
She was hired by the CONTROL employment agency.
Max, help is hard to get.
The CONTROL employment agency has lowered its clearance standards.
I don't even have a maid anymore.
What happened to that girl that was working for you?
Remember Christmas Eve at my apartment when she decorated the tree?
Oh, yeah, that was a great tree-- with all those colored lights.
I loved it.
The red and blue lights going on and off, I loved that tree.
Those lights were blinking top secret information to a Russian fishing trawler anchored off the coast.
You're kidding!
That's fantastic-- how did you find out about it?
I became suspicious when a bulb burned out.
Why did that make you suspicious?
A Russian sailor showed up to replace it.
Chief, are you trying to tell me that KAOS put this girl through the CONTROL employment agency?
Exactly!
Then she may be a double maid!
Right!
Excuse me, gentlemen, here is your toast and coffee.
I think you're wrong about her.
- Did you take a good look?
- Yes.
Now I ask you-- are those the legs of a KAOS agent?
If you want anything, please call.
I just want you to keep your eyes on her.
Don't worry, I haven't taken them off her yet.
Let's have some coffee, Max.
You did a great job in Hong Kong.
Congratulations.
Thanks, Chief.
- Let's see it.
- See what?
The blazer you brought back from Hong Kong.
The blazer I brought back from Hong Kong?
That blazer is the secret weapon you were sent to Hong Kong for.
That blazer is the secret weapon I was sent to Hong Kong for?
- That's no ordinary blazer!
- That's no ordinary blazer?
- It's a laser blazer!
- It's a laser blazer?
Do you know what you're saying?
I'm positive.
I keep hearing it twice!
How do you like that?
A laser blazer!
The button of that blazer is actually a miniature laser.
It's activated by placing your hand in the change pocket.
If you press down hard enough, you can destroy an entire city.
- So that's what happened!
- Let's have the blazer and we'll take it to headquarters.
- Ingrid!
- Yes, sir?
Would you get me my blazer, the one I brought back from Hong Kong?
The cleaners picked it up just a little while ago.
Come on, Max!
Chief: That blazer is the secret weapon you were sent to Hong Kong for.
Max: That blazer is the secret weapon I was sent to Hong Kong for?
- That's no ordinary blazer!
- That's no ordinary blazer?
Chief: It's a laser blazer!
The button of that blazer is actually a miniature laser KAOS, I've discovered where the laser is.
Go at once to Antonelli Cleaners.
But, Mr. Smart, I don't know what happened.
I was going through all the pockets, like I always do.
But when I put my hand in your blazer change pocket, look!
And what's worse, it burned a hole right though my pressing machine!
Poor Mario!
- Who's Mario?
- Mario is his presser.
Mario was my presser.
This may come as a surprise to you, Mr. Antonelli, but that jacket was no ordinary jacket.
Now he tells me.
Look, what's so special about this jacket of yours - everybody wants it so much?
- What do you mean "everybody"?
There were two other fellas in here asking for it.
KAOS!
They must have found out about it.
You didn't give it to them, did you?
Why would I give your jacket to two strangers I never see before?
Especially when they're not even customers!
Anyway, I just sent it down the street to Morgan's Cleaners - to have it pressed for you.
- come on, Max!
Mr. Antonelli, you've done a great service for your country!
The President of the United States will probably give you a medal for this!
I rather have the cash!
But when I was going through the pockets of your jacket, Mr. Smart, I thought I felt a draft.
So I turned around-- Max: Where is the jacket now?
Cleaner: Like I told the other gentlemen that were here, I sent it to Perfect Cleaners around the corner.
There it is, Chief.
But I think we're too late.
Max, the cleaning truck just pulled up behind us.
See what you can find out.
And hurry!
Hurry it up, Max.
Max!
Max, will you come on?
- What'd you find out?
- Plenty!
Wait till you hear this.
Not only do you get shirts on a hanger for 60¢, but they got a one-day special - on tablecloths and drapes and rugs-- - Max-- Max!
- What about the blazer?
!
- They sent that to my apartment.
You go to your apartment, and I'll call headquarters and meet you there.
No matter what happens, don't stop for anything!
Red lights, anything!
Go ahead!
KAOS, this is Ingrid.
A blazer was just delivered, but it's the wrong one.
I'm going down to the cleaners to get the right one.
Is that you, Max?
Max!
- 99?
- Oh, hi, Max.
Oh, good.
Did the cleaners deliver my blazer?
Yes, it's right there on the sofa.
Good.
Listen, I've gotta get this down to headquarters right away.
By the way, - did you have a fight with Ingrid?
- No, why?
I just passed her in the hall and she took a swing at me.
That's strange.
I'm going to take a shower, Max.
I'll have your dinner ready when you get back.
Bye!
Okay, I'll see you later.
I'll take that jacket, Mr. Smart.
You don't want this jacket.
It clashes with your slacks!
- Hand it over.
- Do you know what's in this jacket?
A miniature laser beam.
It destroys anything it hits.
- Do you know what activates it?
- By putting your hand - in the change pocket.
- All right, don't anybody move.
- You wouldn't dare.
- Wouldn't I?
Eh, you fellas aren't in a hurry, are you?
Get the jacket!
- Hold it!
- Sorry, Mr. Smart, I didn't know you had company.
I delivered the wrong jacket before.
This one's yours.
- I'll take that.
- Why don't you give the kid a tip?
There's a quarter in the change pocket.
All right, dummy!
Let's see how tough you are without a gun in your hand!
Listen-- I hope I wasn't out of line with that crack about "dummy".
Don't anybody move!
I can't find the quarter.
Maybe it's caught in the lining.
All: No!
Doesn't seem to be a hole in the lining, Mr. Sm-- Max, I'm sorry about your apartment.
Gee, Chief!
I never knew we had such a wonderful view on that side of the apartment.
Don't worry.
CONTROL will replace everything that's been destroyed.
What about the Second National Bank?
What about the Second National Bank?
It used to be across the street.
{END OF EPISODE 10}{START OF EPISODE 11}
They got all the exits covered.
I just don't understand it.
It was supposed to be a carefully guarded secret that the defecting agent was going to be smuggled into this country - in a barrel of sauerkraut.
- Sauerkraut?
- Yes.
- I wish you'd told me that before.
- Why?
- Because when I was there shooting it out with them I used a barrel of sauerkraut for cover.
It got riddled with bullets.
Max, there are hundreds of barrels here.
The chances that you picked that particular one to hide behind is very unlikely.
I wouldn't bet on that, Chief, because the barrel of sauerkraut I used did a lot of screaming.
I wish I could figure out who tipped off KAOS.
-  - Excuse me.
Hello?
Hi, honey.
Did I catch you at a bad time?
Yes, well, to tell you the truth, 99, the Chief and I are shooting it out with a couple of KAOS agents.
Okay, I'll keep it short.
Would you pick up a-- Hold it, 99.
Chief, I can't hear a word 99 is saying.
Would you put a silencer on your gun?
- What is it, sweetheart?
- I wondered if you could stop on the way home and pick up a bottle of wine for dinner.
How about a nice bottle of Petit Chablis 1957?
That would be marvelous.
Don't forget the corkscrew.
We won't need a corkscrew.
Try not to be late for dinner, Max.
doing home so early?
I thought you were out on an assignment.
I was, but I wound it up early.
I was being followed by some KAOS men, but I outsmarted them.
I sent them on a wild goose chase.
- Where did you send them?
- To pier 47.
That's too bad.
It would have been better if you'd sent them to pier 50.
- Why?
- We're at pier 47.
Listen, honey, I've got to get back to work.
I'll talk to you later.
Right, Max.
And please drive carefully.
I don't want you to have an accident on the way home.
Don't worry, honey, I'll be careful.
Goodbye.
Max, let's move.
Listen, Chief, why don't you come home with me tonight and meet the little woman?
She's a wonderful girl.
Max, what are you talking about?
I've known 99 for years.
Yes, but you just know her as 99 the spy.
You don't know her as 99 the wife.
What are you doing tonight, Chief?
Well, the way things are going it looks I'll be right here.
Hmm, well, that doesn't sound like much fun.
Listen, why don't you come home and have dinner with 99 and me?
You haven't seen the apartment since it's been redecorated.
-  - I'd love to, Max, but if reinforcements don't get here soon I don't think either you or I will be going home to have dinner with 99.
- I've just run out of ammunition.
- Well, - I guess that leaves it up to me.
-  Don't tell me you ran out of ammunition too.
- I ran out of ammunition.
- I told you not to tell me that.
Max, hand me that bottle.
Wait a minute, Chief.
You can't have this wine.
I'm taking it home.
99 and I are gonna have it with dinner tonight.
Hand me the bottle, Max.
I'm gonna make a Molotov cocktail.
You can't make a Molotov cocktail with wine.
- I know that.
- You have to make it with vodka.
Max, hand me that can over there.
You've got to be very careful when you're opening a bottle of wine, because if you're not, you get little corks floating around in the wine.
Here.
-  -  Here you are, Chief.
Chief, what are you doing?
You're getting wine all over the warehouse floor.
You're making a big mess.
Just be quiet and keep your eye on them.
We're in luck, Chief.
They haven't gotten away yet.
I'll light this.
You stay down.
All right, stay down!
- You'd better not look, Chief.
- That bad, Max?
Sauerkraut all over the place.
-  - Who is it?
Woman: Naomi Farkas.
Have you got a minute, honey?
- I'll be right with you, Mrs. Farkas.
- Naomi.
Oh, yeah.
- Hello.
- Hello.
We can smell your delicious cooking all the way next door, and my husband Emil said to me, "Mrs. Smart is making corned beef and cabbage".
It's beef Wellington.
Oh, well, Emil's got sinus trouble.
I can't get over how many locks you have on your door.
Oh, well, Max leaves me alone a lot and he likes to feel that I'm safe.
Well, you're lucky to have a husband who cares.
When Emil goes out he leaves the key on top of the mat.
- Oh.
- Surprise.
I knew you were doing something special for your Max this evening, - so I brought you these.
- Oh, isn't that sweet of you?
- I'll put them in water.
- No, you cook, I'll put.
Oh.
Oh!
Oh, what lovely china.
Emil gets ours from the service station where he gets gas, which he says is very appropriate because that's what my cooking gives him.
Well, I'll put these on the table.
- That's all right.
I can do that.
- Oh, no no no.
I'll do it.
Where's your husband?
Taking a nap?
- No, he's working late.
- That's one thing Emil hates to do.
- Work late?
- No, work.
What is it your husband does for a living?
Uh, he's in the greeting card business.
Now that's a good business.
No matter what, there's always a birthday, a graduation, a Christmas.
I wish Emil would get into a business like that.
Your husband wouldn't happen to need a bum for an assistant, would he?
- No, I don't think so.
- Well, I won't keep you.
- Enjoy the flowers, honey.
- Thank you.
-  - Oh!
I've done it again.
Oh, Max, I'm so sorry!
That's just reflex action, you know.
I guess I've been a spy longer than I've been a wife and every time someone sneaks up behind me I just automatically-- oh, Max!
Oh!
It's all right, 99.
It's all right.
Luckily I wasn't standing near an open window like I was last time.
Oh, Max.
Oh, I was just going to kiss you.
All right, but be careful.
How did everything go at pier 47?
Everything went pretty good.
We got two KAOS agents, a bottle of wine and a pint of sauerkraut.
Gee, 99, this a beautiful table.
Oh, I'm glad you like it, Max.
The flowers are from Mrs. Farkas in the next apartment.
- Mrs. Farkas brought you these flowers?
- Mm-hmm.
- Max: What did she do, steal them?
- Well, I like that.
I'm nice enough to take them flowers and he wants to know did I steal them.
- Where did you get them?
- I stole them.
She spends more time over here with you than I do.
She's always dropping in for a few minutes and staying a few hours asking all kinds of questions, prying.
Oh, Max, she may be a pain in the neck and a busybody, - but she's an awfully sweet person.
- Mmm.
Well, she got two out of three.
Look who's talking-- Mr. Suave who wears his socks to bed.
I only do that so I won't get my feet dirty from the sheets.
Anyway, I can think of better jobs than sitting around this crummy apartment listening in on a couple of CONTROL agents.
Maybe you can think of better jobs, but you can't get any.
If my brother Arnold weren't district manager of KAOS, we wouldn't even have this, O mighty prince of unemployment.
- 99.
- Yes, Max.
- Guess who's coming to dinner.
- Who?
The Chief.
Oh, boy, if this isn't enough, now we've got to sit around and listen to an Indian all night.
The Chief of CONTROL, dummy.
This is the chance we've been waiting for.
Max, did you say the Chief?
You invited your boss for dinner tonight?
What are you talking about, my boss?
He's your boss too.
Well, I know that, but this is the first time he's been to dinner since we've been married.
And I am your wife and he is your boss, and I wanted - everything to be perfect.
- 99.
Oh, Max, you could have given me some warning.
All we're having is artichoke hearts vinaigrette with fresh baby shrimp and vichyssoise and beef Wellington.
Well, he'll just have to take pot luck, that's all.
And dessert-- we don't have any dessert.
And you know how the Chief loves dessert.
Well, why don't you serve the vichyssoise as dessert and tell him that it was potato ice cream that melted?
I'll think of something.
Max, what did the Chief give us for a wedding gift?
Why?
What difference does it make?
If he doesn't see it, he'll think we didn't like it.
- What was it he gave us?
- I don't remember, but I'm sure it was something we didn't like.
Max!
It doesn't look like an apartment anymore.
It looks like a trading-stamp redemption center.
Yes, well, you told me to put everything out, 99.
Well, everything appropriate to a living room.
Well, I'll put the rest of the stuff away.
Can you imagine anybody giving a croquet set to somebody who lives in an apartment?
-  - Max, he's here.
- Oh, hi, Chief.
- Hi, Max.
- Come on in.
- Hello, 99.
- Hello, Chief.
- 99, your apartment looks lovely.
You and Max have done a fabulous job of redecorating.
- Thank you, Chief.
- What's all this?
Wedding gifts, Chief.
And we certainly loved yours.
How do you know?
You haven't opened it yet.
Yes, well, we know we're gonna love it.
- We'll open it right after dinner.
- I hope you like it.
It's a croquet set.
Chief, can I take your attache case?
Oh, no, thanks, Max.
It's top secret.
It contains the names of all the KAOS agents who are about to defect to us.
-  - Could you hold it down, please?
Chief: There's an emergency meeting at the Pentagon tonight and I'm going to go there directly from here.
- How do you like that?
- I don't.
It's terrible.
If you weren't so busy stuffing yourself, you would have heard what they were saying.
Look, the only reason I eat this food is because the garbage man refuses to take it away.
Well, if you'd been listening, you'd know that the Chief has an attache case full of top secret papers with him.
- So?
- So if we can get those papers, - it might mean a big bonus for us!
- Yeah.
And we sure could use the extra money.
We could eat out more.
We've got to get a look at the names on that list.
But it's going to take finesse.
Yeah.
Why don't we kill them?
Oh, that's some finesse.
KAOS goes to all the trouble to set us up with a permanent pipeline to their apartment to learn CONTROL's secrets, and you want to blow the whole thing by killing them.
No, we've got to get in there and take pictures of that list.
If we could just get them out of the way for a few minutes.
Wait a minute.
Why don't we poison them?
Well, not enough to kill them, but just enough to make them very sick.
But what can we give them to make them that sick?
Mmm.
99, that's the most delicious meal I've had in months.
Oh, I'm so glad you enjoyed it, Chief.
- She's a great cook, Max - You should taste her cornflakes.
Well, how would you like some coffee now?
- Oh, I'd love some - Good.
- with my dessert.
- With your dessert?
- Mm-hmm.
- You'd like your dessert right now?
- Now is fine.
- Okay, I'll get you some dessert.
- Would you like a little more wine?
- Well, just a drop.
I've got to be at that meeting in an hour.
- You forgot to take the cork out, Max.
- Oh, thank you.
- Say when.
- When!
Oh, dessert, dessert, dessert!
-  - Who is it?
Naomi Farkas.
Have you got a minute, honey?
- I'm sorry, right now I'm-- - Now listen, my brother and his wife were supposed to come to dinner this evening, but at the last minute they couldn't make it.
So I thought maybe you and your hubby might like some extra dessert.
-  - Chocolate mousse.
- You are a lifesaver, Mrs. Farkas!
- Naomi.
- Naomi.
- Oh, nonsense.
What are neighbors for?
Now you run along and eat it before it gets stale.
- Oh, thank you so much.
- Oh, my pleasure.
Oh.
Surprise!
Chocolate mousse.
- Oh.
- Don't wait for me.
I'm on a diet.
- I'll get you some coffee.
- Chocolate mousse is my favorite dessert, 99.
- Oh, good.
- You know, you're a very lucky man.
artichoke vinaigrette, vichyssoise beyond compare, - superb beef Wellington -  and a terrible chocolate mousse.
I only put in a drop of the stuff.
- I can't understand it.
- Me neither.
You'd think the poison would have improved the taste.
Well, how are you enjoying the chocolate mousse?
- Well, um - Chief?
- Mmm.
- Max?
Mm-hmm.
The coffee's almost ready.
I'll go get it.
Max, I'm getting a pain in my stomach.
Me too, Chief.
I'm not eating any more of this stuff.
- Where are you going?
- I'm gonna dump it in this plant.
No, I'd better not.
It might kill it.
- It's a plastic plant.
- I know, but it might kill it anyway.
We're gonna have to finish this, otherwise we're gonna hurt - Oh!
- What?
Oh!
Well, I'm glad you're having such a good time.
Oh, yes, this is lots of fun, 99.
Why don't you just join right in?
How did you like the dessert, Chief?
Fine.
There's more if you want it.
No, thank you, 99.
I have to watch my weight.
Oh-hh!
Shh.
Not so loud, Chief.
Max, do you have anything we can take for our stomachs?
There must be something upstairs in the medicine chest.
What if there isn't?
What will we take?
A cab to the nearest hospital!
They're out of the room.
Now we can get over there and photograph that list.
My plan is beginning to work.
What do you mean, your plan is beginning to work?
She didn't eat any dessert.
Now how are we gonna take pictures with her around?
Don't worry, I'll keep her busy in the kitchen.
I'll help her do the dishes.
- Meanwhile, you take the pictures.
- No no no.
You are not going to do the dishes over there until - you've done the dishes here first.
- What?
I know you, Naomi.
We'll get the pictures and then we'll come back here and you'll say, "Look, I did the dishes over there.
Now it's your turn to do the dishes over here".
No, thank you.
Emil I'm not one to make threats, but if you don't do what I'm telling you to do, I'm warning you, I'll get up tomorrow morning and make you breakfast.
I'll get the camera.
-  - Who is it?
- Naomi: It's me again.
- Oh.
- Hi.
- Hi.
How did your dinner go?
- Did Max like the mousse?
- Oh, he loved it.
- And so did our guest.
- I didn't know you had a guest.
Yes, Max brought the Ch-- his boss home for dinner.
Oh, I bet you made a great impression.
Well, I think I did, Mrs. Farkas.
Together: Naomi.
Listen, dear, you keep on rinsing your dishes - and I'll start clearing.
- Oh, please don't go - to all that trouble-- - It's no trouble at all.
- I need the exercise.
I'll jog.
- Oh.
Did you bring the camera?
They're upstairs and she's in the kitchen.
So you take the pictures in there, so that if anyone comes back unexpectedly they won't see you.
- Yes, but I need-- - Shh shh, get in there.
You're lucky to have such lovely things, honey.
Look at these exquisite wine goblets.
I'd love to have some, but peanut butter doesn't come in them.
Emil, are you taking the pictures?
Yeah, but I don't think they're gonna turn out so good.
- Why not?
- There's no flash on this camera.
Dummy, you've been taking pictures in the dark?
I'm a dummy?
You're the one that shoved me in here.
Shut up.
Come and take them out here.
- We don't have much time.
-  I've tried everything in the medicine cabinet and nothing worked.
Not even those little chocolate things.
- Chief.
- Huh?
I think you'd better rest over there - on the couch for a while.
- All right.
- I'll be back in a few minutes.
- Where are you going?
I'm going into the kitchen to destroy that recipe.
Suppose you can't find it?
Then I'm going to destroy the kitchen.
- Max?
- What?
If she tries to stop you, kill her.
- 99.
- I think the dinner went well, Max.
- Yes.
- The Chief seemed to enjoy it.
I have to tell you.
He went through the artichokes and the beef Wellington like he hadn't eaten in a week.
But there's one thing I can't take credit for, that's the dessert.
You certainly can't.
No.
Mrs. Farkas made the mousse.
- Mrs. Farkas made the mousse?
- Mm-hmm.
It was really a coincidence.
Remember I told you I didn't have any dessert?
Well, it was almost as though she knew that, because when I came out into the kitchen desperately looking for something to serve the Chief there she was with the mousse.
Max, can I talk to you for a minute?
It was a lovely dinner, 99.
Hurry up and take the pictures.
We'll have to do it more often, Chief.
-  Mrs. Farkas.
- Naomi.
Keep your voice down, honey, and don't yell for your husband.
- You might as well know we're KAOS.
-  You're holding a gun on her and I'm taking pictures of secret documents.
Who else would she think we were, Sonny & Cher?
So you see, Chief, it wasn't 99 who made the chocolate mousse.
It was our neighbor Mrs. Farkas.
- Farkas.
Farkas - Yes, they moved in two weeks ago.
That name sounds familiar to me, Max.
Farkas.
Describe them to me.
Well, let me see now.
- Short, muscular, tough-looking.
- What did she look like?
- That's her.
- Of course!
Naomi Farkas.
She and her husband work for KAOS.
Her brother, Arnold Borgia, is district manager.
Yes, I remember him.
He started to work for KAOS at the same time I started to work for CONTROL.
And now he's district manager?
Boy, they sure get promoted faster over there.
You're missing the point.
If Naomi Farkas is a KAOS agent and she made the chocolate mousse and we're sick, it stands to reason she tried to poison us.
But, Chief, if they wanted to kill us why would they take the slow way?
Maybe they didn't want to kill us.
Maybe they wanted us sick enough so that we'd have to leave the room because there's something out there they want.
Of course-- our wedding gifts.
No, Max, something more important.
My attache case!
-  - Who is it?
-  - Will you wait a minute?
There's someone at the front door.
Max, the Farkases, they're KAOS agents.
They stole the Chief's attache case.
- I'm going after them, 99.
- They got too much of a head start.
You'll never catch them.
- Then there's only one thing to do.
- What's that, Chief?
This is a new device invented by the lab-- the CONTROL remote control, developed for just such an emergency as this.
Now when I press this button it will blow up that attache case wherever it is.
What about the secret papers?
They'll be destroyed.
Well, better that than have them fall into the hands of KAOS.
Now when I press this button in five seconds that attache case will go up in smoke.
Five Max, is this your black attache case in here?
- Four - I thought yours was brown.
- Three - It is brown.
- Two - The Chief's is black.
- One!
-  All: The Chief's!
- 99, are you all right?
- Yes, I think so.
What did--?
They took Max's attache case by mistake.
Oh, and I blew up mine when I didn't even have to.
- Oh.
- This whole list of KAOS defectors that Kensington worked on for so long.
- Was that the Kensington list?
- Yes.
Why?
Well, I helped Kensington decode that list.
- You did?
- I didn't know what it was at the time, but I dashed off a copy of that list in pencil.
Max, that's wonderful.
There's just one problem: I'll have to go to that meeting with you because I'm the only one who can read my own notes.
Max, I don't know how to thank you.
I'm proud of you.
I am really proud of you.
Now come on, let's go.
We'll be late for the meeting.
- for a delicious dinner.
- Aww.
Wait a minute, Chief.
I forgot to kiss 99 goodbye.
Well, hurry up, Max.
-  -  Chief: Max!
- Oh, no.
I did it again.
- What happened?
It's just this reflex thing I do.
Every time someone sneaks up behind me, I just automatically-- -  - Oh, Chief!
Did it again.
{END OF EPISODE 11}{START OF EPISODE 12}
Oh, Max, what a fabulous surprise for our honeymoon!
And all this time you had me thinking that you had made reservations at the Anthracite Hotel in Pittsburgh.
Oh, that was just to throw you off the track, 99.
Actually, I've been planning this trip to the Caribbean all along.
- What's the name of the boat again?
- The Chiquita.
That's an odd name for an ocean liner.
Yes, it is.
But it's a perfect name for a banana boat.
A banana boat?
Is that safe?
Well, this boat has an excellent safety record, 99.
In 40 years it's only had one mishap.
That's when it collided with a freighter carrying cornflakes.
- But that's terrible.
- Not really.
Fortunately, a sugar boat came along.
Stop worrying, 99.
It's perfectly safe.
And they have some very nice tourist cabins aboard.
I can't believe that we're finally going to go on our honeymoon.
We've done all of our assignments and we're going to have two glorious weeks alone.
- What are you doing, Max?
- I think I packed the boat tickets in your overnight case by mistake.
Oh, be very careful how you open that.
That's my CONTROL luggage.
It's booby-trapped.
with this type--   Oh, you get the door, Max.
I'll look for the tickets.
- Who is it?
- Man: Telegram.
Slip it under the door.
- Why don't you open the door, Max?
- Forget it, 99.
That may be a KAOS agent, and I'm not taking any chances of getting involved in a case when we're going on our honeymoon.
It's a telegram.
- Probably someone congratulating us.
-  - Who is it?
- Man: Telegram.
- I've got it.
- But I didn't get it.
Didn't get what?
- A tip, Max.
- Oh.
Well, I don't have any change.
I'll take a check.
- I'll get my purse.
- Max: Wait a minute.
I've got a dime.
Man: Why don't you shove it under the door?
Who is it from, Max?
- The United States Navy.
- My goodness.
I knew you had some friends in high places, but a congratulatory note from the United States Navy?
Yes, well, it's not exactly congradula-- conglag-- co-- it's not what you said, 99.
It's mandatory.
You see, I've been called up for active reserve duty.
I have to report in 24 hours.
But how can they do that?
What about our honeymoon?
What about our cruise?
- We can still go on the cruise, 99.
- How can we?
We'll just have to take different ships.
Chief, you've gotta help me.
I'm in a lot of trouble.
- What trouble's that, Max?
- 99 and I were about to start on our honeymoon and I got this telegram from the Naval Reserve telling me to report for duty within 24 hours.
- You have my sympathy, Max.
- I need more than your sympathy, Chief.
Can't you pull some strings?
You've got some friends in Washington.
- Not enough, I'm afraid.
- What do you mean?
I'm going with you, Max.
I've been activated too.
Well, that's great.
That's just great.
I don't understand it, Chief.
I thought that joining the Naval Reserve was part of our cover.
As spies, I never dreamed that they'd call us up for active duty.
That's because they don't know we're spies.
CONTROL is such a super-secret organization that even the army and navy don't know we exist.
I still don't think it's fair.
I mean, after all, they never draft the CIA.
Well, that's because the CIA isn't a secret organization.
- It's supposed to be, but it's not.
- Yes.
What are 99 and I supposed to do?
I mean, I can't let her go on our honeymoon by herself.
You'll just have to wait until you get back.
After all, Max, it's only for two weeks.
After all-- after all, I have a bigger problem than you have.
Jose Vargas is going to be in Washington this week.
He'll only be here two days and I wanted to be here to see him.
I hardly think that a Spanish flamenco dancer is more important than my honeymoon.
Max, Jose Vargas is a member of the Spanish Secret Service.
Oh, that Jose Vargas.
Well, he's a member of the SSS.
The SSSSSS.
The SSSSSSSSSS?
The Spanish Secret Service Strategic Security Staff.
Of course, the Spanish Security Sap-- Seep-- Secret Service-- the Secret Spanish Sta-- the Sa-- he's one of those Spanish spies, Chief, a fellow with a little mustache and a big Chihuahua.
No, Max, the little Chihuahua, big mustache.
His little Chihuahua has a big mustache?
Max, Vargas is flying in from Spain - to pick up the Obermeyer file.
- Who is Obermeyer?
Obermeyer is KAOS's number-one espionage agent.
They arrested him in Spain, but we have the evidence here to incriminate him.
Now Vargas is coming over here from Spain to get the evidence and take it back with him to the trial.
- That's why I wanted to be here.
- I see.
Well, as long as 99 isn't going on our honeymoon, she can stay here and pick up the papers from him.
I'd feel a lot better if I could be here, but I guess I have no other choice.
Now where are my car keys?
I know I had them here someplace.
- Uh, oh, I know where they are, Chief.
- Where?
I packed them.
I'll get them for you.
- Don't open it.
That's a special case!
- Don't worry, Chief.
I know what to do.
You just step back to avoid the knife.
- What are those?
- Max, it's a new escape device from the CONTROL lab.
If you're trapped, you use the bubbles as you would a smokescreen.
What's the matter with a smokescreen?
Smoke maybe hazardous to your health.
Oh, Max, I'll miss you so much.
I'll write you every day.
I'll write you twice a day, 99.
That will be an awful lot of letters, Max.
Yes, well, we can save them and read them on our honeymoon.
It'll give us something to do.
Uh, how do you like my new uniform?
Oh, you look so handsome in it.
Well, I guess this is it, my dear.
Try to remember me, my darling, when I'm out on the briny with the salt water in my nostrils and the giant waves dashing against the hull of the ship and the deck pitching and weaving beneath my feet.
Max, this boat is tied up for repairs.
You're not going out to sea.
Oh, too bad.
I was just beginning to get my sea legs.
Well, I guess this is it, dear.
Anchors away!
Come on, 99.
Uh, I wonder if you could get a sailor to take my bag.
Good evening, sir.
We have two men onboard we haven't been notified about.
These are their orders.
They look authentic, but I'll check them out anyway.
In the meantime, don't let these men out of your sight.
Assign them some minor duties to keep them busy.
Right, sir.
All right, men, I'm in charge of this detail.
Ensign Maxwell Smart, United States Naval Reserve.
Now you men probably think that just because we're not going to sea and because I'm on temporary duty here that this is going to be a soft touch.
Well, you're wrong!
Now hear this: I intend to run a taut ship, because a taut ship is a happy ship, whereas a loose ship, uh leaks a lot.
Now this is what will be known as a PD detail.
Now for those of you who are summertime sailors, you are probably not familiar with that expression.
Well, I'll explain it to you.
A PD detail is a Paint Detail detail.
Now, men, I can't overemphasize the importance of this duty.
A ship is like an iron gate.
If you don't paint it it rusts.
For the next two weeks you will be painting day and night, night and day.
Except for you, of course.
All right.
We'll start off, sailor, with you painting the ceilings.
You'll paint the decks.
And when you're finished painting the decks you'll paint all the passageways on the starboard side of the ship.
You'll paint all the wet paint signs.
You'll follow him up, and if his wet paint signs aren't dry, you will paint wet paint signs for his wet paint signs.
Now are there any questions?
- Besides you.
- Sir, may I speak to you for a minute?
What is it, sailor?
Max, you can't show me any favoritism.
It won't look right.
But, Chief, I can't give you orders.
You're my boss.
Not for the next two weeks, Max.
You'll give me orders and I'll carry them out.
Well, okay, if that's the way you want it, sailor.
All right, men, we'll need someone for the extremely hazardous job of painting the antennas on top of that superstructure.
That will be your job, sailor.
- Hi, Chief.
- Max, I just finished painting that!
You did a nice job, except for the footprints.
Listen, I thought I told that tall guy to paint the decks and for you to paint the antennas on top of the superstructure.
Yes, Max.
I switched jobs with him.
I suffer from acrophobia.
Oh.
Fear of acrobats?
- No, fear of high places.
- Oh.
- What's that?
- A newspaper.
Max, look at that.
Read what it says.
"City Councilman Arrested in Motel Raid".
- No, Max, this one.
- Oh.
"Jose Vargas, famous Spanish Secret Service agent, signs autograph for unidentified woman fan upon his arrival in Washington".
Now look at the picture.
Why, Chief, that's a picture of 99!
Yes, Max, but that's not Vargas.
Well, of course it is.
It says so right here.
But, Max, Vargas is left-handed.
That man is signing his autograph with his right hand.
Don't you see, Max?
KAOS knows that you and I are the only two who know who Vargas really is.
They must have forged those orders to put us on this carrier and get us out of CONTROL.
- You're right, Chief.
- Obviously, they've kidnapped Vargas and put their own man in his place.
If KAOS gets their hands on that Obermeyer file, Obermeyer goes free.
Chief, we've got to get off this ship.
- Request permission to go ashore, sir.
- Uh-huh.
Ensigns are not required to ask permission to go ashore.
Where do you think you're going?
I'm going ashore.
- That's what you think.
- But you just said-- The captain's orders are for you to remain aboard.
Well, in that case I want to see the captain.
He's on the bridge and he's not to be disturbed.
It's imperative that we see him immediately.
- I'm sorry.
- I'm afraid that isn't good enough.
I insist upon seeing the captain.
That's out of the question.
But you don't understand.
We have to see the captain.
You can't see the captain.
Very well, Lieutenant, have it your own way.
Okay, let's go!
- Where are we going?
- You're going to see the captain.
Now why did you throw the lieutenant's hat overboard?
- Because we wanted to see you, sir.
- You didn't have to do that.
There's lots of other ways you could have done it.
You could have short-sheeted the executive officer's bed or you could have put a blinker bulb in my night-light.
Sir, I know what we've done is a little out of line, but believe me there was a good reason for it.
- And what is that?
- Sir, we need a helicopter.
- A helicopter?
- Yes, sir, a helicopter.
Well, I'm sorry, all my helicopters are being serviced now.
Oh, well, in that case, sir, we'll take a cab.
Would I be meddling if I asked you men what you need a helicopter for?
Yes, well, we can't tell you that now, sir.
- Maybe we can tell you on Monday.
- Monday?
Well, I must say you've piqued my curiosity.
Did you have a destination in mind?
Sir, we must get into town.
It's a matter of the utmost importance.
You two have heavy dates or something?
Sir, I'm breaking regulations, but under the circumstances I have no alternative but to tell you what we are.
What are you really?
We're spies.
The CIA, I suppose.
Uh, no, sir.
We belong to a secret organization that nobody has ever heard of.
- And what's that?
- CONTROL.
- I never heard of it.
- See?
Sir, if you could get us into town I think I can promise you a presidential citation.
With clusters.
Gentlemen, I think we've discussed this long enough.
I don't know what your game is, but I would like to see some identification.
Uh, but we don't have any identification, sir.
You realize of course if you don't have identification you could be in serious trouble.
Sir, if we don't get a helicopter we're in serious trouble.
Well, you're not getting a helicopter.
All right, sir, if that's the way you want it.
Well, it worked the last time, Chief.
Max, throwing the lieutenant's hat overboard got us to see the captain.
But throwing the captain's hat overboard was not going to get us a helicopter.
Well, we know that now, but we didn't know that then.
We've got to get out of here and there is not much time.
The agent who is impersonating Vargas will be picking up the Obermeyer file in two hours.
I've got to come up with something.
Well, if you come up with anything, clear it through me.
Remember, I'm the ranking officer here.
Wait a minute.
I think I have an idea.
Good.
What is it?
If I-- and then you-- Yeah?
No, that wouldn't work.
Why not?
It sounded pretty good to me, Chief.
Wait a minute, Chief.
- What?
- I got it.
This spoon.
We'll tunnel our way out.
With a spoon, Max?
These decks are made of steel.
Well, I didn't say it was gonna be easy.
- What are you doing?
- This a diversionary tactic, Chief.
I'm gonna set fire to these papers and then during the smoke and confusion, we'll make our escape.
You yell "fire".
Fire!
- Good, Chief.
Keep it up.
- Fire!
Fire!
All right now, Chief, when I give the signal, you groan like you're in pain.
-  - Not yet.
I haven't given the signal.
I know, but you're standing on my hand!
Oh.
Sorry about that, Chief.
All right, now get ready.
When the guard comes through the door, I'll charge him.
- Are you sure you can take him alone?
- Are you kidding?
Have you seen that little guy that's been guarding us all day?
I'll break him in half.
Okay, start moaning.
Help!
Help!
There's a sick man in here!
He's dying!
If this doesn't work, we're sunk.
Don't worry, Chief, it can't miss.
The keys are right on the rack against the wall, and all I have to do is cast this over there and then just reel it back in.
Perfect.
Well, almost perfect.
I think we may be using the wrong kind of bait, Chief.
Max, how are we going to explain all this stuff being in here?
You got everything off the rack but the keys.
Don't worry, Chief.
It will work this time.
There we go.
Missed again.
You're right, Chief, this isn't going to work.
Well, you can't leave the line out there.
Somebody will see it.
Shh.
Quick.
In here.
What are we gonna do in here, Chief?
We're gonna look for a life raft.
A life raft?
What are we gonna do with a life raft?
- We're not at sea.
- Max, the gangway is guarded.
We'll take the life raft and throw it over the other side of the ship - and row ashore.
- That's a good idea, Chief.
-  - Man over  Now hear this: be on the alert for two prisoners.
They have escaped.
Now hear this: be on the alert for two prisoners.
Chief, look, "L-16 life rafts".
That's it.
Get it out.
Put it on the floor.
Wait a minute, Chief.
This will take us all day to blow up.
Max, you don't blow it up with your mouth.
It inflates automatically.
- There's a lever on it somewhere.
- Oh, here it is!
- Don't pull that!
-  Now hear this: block all entrances and exits.
Move this darned thing!
Come on, Chief, we'd better get out of here.
I know, but - Come on, Chief.
- I'm coming, Max.
Do you think you can pull me?
Thanks, Max.
Man: There they are!
There they go!
Stop them!
Man #2: That's them!
- I don't see them, sir.
- Well, they've gotta be here somewhere.
There they are!
Hold it, you two!
We've been looking for you two for over an hour.
Captain, I implore you, give us two hours ashore before you throw us back in the brig.
You're not going back into the brig, you're going in that helicopter.
I checked out your orders, and just as I suspected, they're forgeries.
Now I have no idea what this is about, but I have orders to place that helicopter at your disposal.
Thank you, Captain.
Let's go, Max.
- Max: Chief, where are the wings?
- Chief: There are no wings.
- Max: Forget it!
- Chief: Get in, Max!
Here's the Obermeyer file, Señor Vargas.
Now if you'll just sign this release you can be on your way back to Spain.
Hold it right there!
Max, what did you do that for?
Because that man is an impostor.
You see, 99, the real Vargas is left-handed, and when I came in that door this guy was signing those papers with his left hand.
Left hand.
Max, this is the real Vargas.
I spotted the impostor at the airport immediately and we arrested him.
Sorry about that, Vargas, and welcome to Washington.
- Good work.
- Thank you, Chief.
Not you!
99, for being perceptive enough to spot the impostor so quickly.
Yes, well, I guess it runs in the family, Chief.
Well, 99, I don't see any reason why we can't go on our honeymoon cruise now.
Oh, I'm afraid we can't, Max.
While you were away I was assigned to jury duty.
Oh.
Well, Chief, you've got two weeks off.
How would you like to go on a honeymoon?
{END OF EPISODE 12}{START OF EPISODE 13}
Now this is the way to spend a honeymoon, 99-- sailing the Caribbean, breathing the salt air, just the two of us alone with the sea.
Oh, it's heaven, Max.
I wish we could do this forever.
So do I, but we have to get the boat back in a half an hour.
Oh, Max, can't we keep it out another hour?
Another hour?
Are you kidding?
That's eight bucks.
If we're gonna get it back in time we'd better start rowing.
The wind's died down.
Yes, well, they told me at Rent-A-Yacht that if the wind died down we could use the auxiliary motor.
Here.
- You take the tiller.
- Right.
Are you having a little trouble starting the motor, Max?
Of course not, 99.
I'm having trouble finding it.
Maybe it's behind that door there.
That just shows you how much you know about boats, 99.
That's a closet.
Now why would anybody put a motor in a closet?
Well, you could look anyway, Max.
I already did.
It's got be here someplace.
We've lost sight of land, Max.
Maybe you'd better use the radio.
Good idea, 99.
I feel better already.
Not that radio, Max, the ship's radio.
Oh, well, this boat doesn't have a radio.
Boats with radios cost $9 an hour.
Maybe if you'd turn on some lights down there you could find the motor.
Boats with lights cost $10 an hour.
- You got a match?
- Here, they're free.
Thank you, 99.
Hold it, 99.
There's a trap door down here on the floor.
That must be it.
The motor is probably under there.
Yep, I found it.
Oh, thank heavens.
Start it, Max!
Wait a minute.
I have to read the instructions.
There's a little plaque here that tells you what to do.
Wait a minute, it tells you what not to do.
"Do not put fire near here.
Caution: Inflammable".
Max!
to worry you, but we might as well face the inevitable.
- What, Max?
- We just blew our deposit on that boat.
Is there anything in that survival kit we can use, Max?
We've drifted miles since we sank.
Gee, 99, I sure wish we had taken the $11 boat.
That one had a dinghy with an outboard motor.
- What does this have?
- This.
- Are we going anyplace?
- I don't think so.
I shouldn't have thrown that eggbeater away, 99.
Why not?
We could've had breakfast.
Now this is the most ridiculous survival kit I have ever seen in my life.
Look at this.
Two Ping-Pong paddles and a net.
Max, those weren't Ping-Pong paddles, they were oars!
They go in these poles!
And that net was to catch fish in.
Oh, please don't throw away anything else.
Hold it, 99.
Here's something.
"How to Survive at Sea".
That's wonderful.
Read it.
Well, I can't read it.
It's a record.
- Do we have a record player?
- Well, we had one on the boat.
What a shame.
I would have loved to have heard this.
The background is by Henry Mancini.
Oh, Max, look, a map!
At least we can find out where we are.
Good idea, 99.
Grab this end here.
This end up, Max.
Now all we need is some wind.
Don't worry.
We've got plenty of that.
Max, the sail!
- Max, listen!
-  That's nothing but an airplane, 99.
An airplane!
- We had better signal it!
- Right, Max.
Good idea, 99.
Signal them with your mirror.
What are you doing?
Well, Max, if we're going to be rescued I want to look presentable.
Never mind.
There's a flare gun here in the survival kit.
Oh, be careful, Max!
I'll help steady you.
Be-- oh!
Max!
You shot a hole in the raft!
We're sinking!
Stop shouting, 99!
The whole world doesn't have to know!
- What are we gonna do?
- We'll have to make a swim for it.
- Which way?
- Well-- one of us will go this way and one of us will go that way.
- Right.
- And the first one to reach land will come back and get the other one.
Right, Max!
Max, wait for me!
I don't care what the report says.
I know Maxwell Smart better than anybody and I refuse to believe that they're lost at sea.
Lost on land maybe, but not at sea.
Larrabee, where are the interoffice memos?
They're supposed to be on my desk first thing in the morning.
That's why I'm here.
They were late.
Didn't you get a memo telling you this morning's memos would be late?
- No, I didn't.
- It must be late.
"Reports of Agents 86 and 99 lost at sea confirmed.
Floating wreckage believed to be that of missing vessel, sighted 40 miles southeast of Jamaica.
No apparent survivors".
"Air-sea rescue search called off after 48 hours due to bad weather and a party at air-sea rescue officers club".
"Cream cheese and lox, 39¢".
What's this?
The Control delicatessen is running a special, Chief.
"Notice to all concerned: interoffice memos will be late today".
Larrabee, book me on a jet to Miami.
Contact the Coast Guard to have a cutter standing by to pick me up.
Now make sure there's full diving equipment onboard just in case.
- You got that?
- What about the cream cheese and lox?
Max, where are you?
Max: I'm up here in this tree.
I'm looking for coconuts.
Well, come on down and see this.
Be right there!
What was it you wanted to show me, 99?
- That lean-to I just built.
- Oh, that's beautiful.
Did you do that all by yourself?
I didn't know you were so handy.
Max, have you found anything to eat?
I'm famished.
No.
This is the strangest island that I've ever been on.
There's absolutely nothing to eat.
I've been up in those trees for hours.
There's no coconuts, no bananas.
- What about fish?
- There's no fish up there either.
Let's look at the bright side, Max.
We went on a honeymoon to be alone and we're alone.
Max: Yes, and this is a great place for a honeymoon.
We have everything here we need-- except food and water.
- Why don't we build a fire?
- Why?
It's hot enough here already.
I mean, if a boat comes by then we can signal it.
Good idea, 99.
Let's go gather some driftwood.
Right, Max.
Let's go this way, Max.
That leads to the other side of the island.
- We haven't explored there yet.
- 99, look!
Footprints!
Max, we're not alone on this island.
These footprints were made by somebody with shoes.
Very interesting.
were made by a man 6' 2.5" tall, blond hair, blue eyes, a scar on his left cheek and he walked with a decided limp.
Oh, Max, that's very hard to believe.
Would you believe it if I took out the limp?
Come on, 99, let's see where these footsteps go.
What is it, Max?
Either it's the biggest magnet in the world, or it's the biggest horseshoe in the world.
And if it's the biggest horseshoe, I'd hate to see the horse.
I don't like this, Max.
Don't move, Smart und 99!
Max, it's Siegfried and Shtarker.
Well, it isn't Robinson Crusoe and Friday, cookie!
Siegfried, what are you doing here?
I'll ask the questions!
What are you doing here und why?
We're on our honeymoon.
Oh, then we'll skip the why.
Honeymooners, eh?
I'm catching agents.
Und velcome to Schwartz's Island.
Schwartz's Island?
I've never seen any Schwartz's Island on my maps.
It isn't on any maps.
- It's on Schwartz's map.
- Who's Schwartz?
A KAOS scientist, the creator of synthetic islands.
Synthetic islands?
You mean to tell me that this island isn't real?
Of course not, you stupid!
It's portable.
You take it und put it wherever you want it.
How can you move around an island this size?
I don't suppose you've seen the back of this island, have you?
No.
Why?
We have the biggest outboard motor you ever saw.
The biggest!
- Starker!
-  This is KAOS!
Without--  here!
How come nobody's ever spotted this island before?
Because, idiot, it's only been here a few days.
When we're not using it, we keep it hidden.
How can you hide an island?
- You've heard of the Thousand Islands?
- 99: Yes.
Count them next time.
- You mean--?
- Thousand und one.
Just what diabolical plot are you planning with this thing here?
You are looking at the world's first nuclear magnet.
This way, if you please!
All right, Siegfried, what's this all about?
I'll give you a demonstration.
Take a look in the telescope and tell me what you see.
I don't see anything, Siegfried.
- You have to put a dime in it!
- Oh.
- All I have is a quarter.
- Starker!
Please handle it.
Careful, Smart, that telescope cost a fortune.
Now tell me what you see.
Good heavens!
What horrible monstrous thing have you created out there?
What is it, Max?
Well, it's a big orange and black thing with large bulbous eyes and hundreds of legs.
Really?
Let me take a look.
There's a ladybug on the lens!
Get rid of it!
Now you may take a look.
Max: I can see something.
I'm not quite sure-- Oh, it's a boat.
Some kind of a Coast Guard cutter or something.
Yeah, do you see anyone on deck?
There's a sailor.
Yeah, is he by any chance wearing a watch?
- Yes, it's 11:15.
- I'm not interested in the time.
Just keep your eyes on the watch.
- Starker!
- Ja!
Activate the directional mechanism.
Starker: Ja.
Excuse me.
-  - It's not working!
Still watching the watch, Smart?
Und now I give the magnet just a teensy little bit of power.
That's amazing.
Yes, the watch took a licking but it kept on ticking.
Well, Smart, what do you think about our latest weapon?
So, that's it.
You plan to use that big magnet out there to steal watches from passing ships.
No, we intend to steal passing ships.
This magnet, when operating under its full nuclear power, is capable of pulling in a battleship from five miles!
Well, what do you want with a battleship?
Not a battleship, Smart, the entire United States Sixth Fleet.
According to KAOS Intelligence, in exactly 17 minutes the entire United States Sixth Fleet will be steaming past here on its way to Cape Cod for a show of strength!
Well, what are you going to do with the Sixth Fleet?
We're going to pull them in from the ocean and run them aground on Schwartz's Island!
Max, look!
Well, I'll be-- What do you see, Smart?
Uh, nothing, Siegfried, nothing.
- Absolutely nothing.
- Don't hand me that knockwurst.
Stand back!
The time ran out!
Starker!
-  - Dime!
Well, if it isn't the Chief of Control himself.
What's he doing down here, 99?
Siegfried: He's putting on a diving suit.
They're putting on the steel helmet.
He must have heard our boat sank and he's out looking for us.
I wish there were some way we could let him know we're all right.
That can be arranged.
Starker!
He's putting on the helmet.
They're bolting it down.
They're bolting on the faceplate.
He's climbing over the rail, getting ready to jump.
Let me out.
You're a fool, Siegfried.
Pulling me in by that magnet in full view of all the men on that ship will lead to your ultimate destruction.
That's right, Siegfried.
You're through, finished, washed up!
What makes you say that, Smart?
What makes me say that, Chief?
Because in a matter of minutes the crew of that cutter will be storming the beaches of this island to rescue me!
That's what makes me say that.
I'd like to see them try.
Because merely by reversing the polarity of this magnet, I'm no longer attracting, I'm repelling.
You certainly are.
Don't push it, cutie.
Chief, get over here!
Look through there.
Observe.
Keep watching.
Oh, there go your rescuers, Herr Chief.
Und now the time is growing short.
The Sixth Fleet should be steaming into view any moment now.
The Sixth Fleet?
What's he talking about, Max?
He's gonna use that giant magnet out there, Chief, to draw the entire Sixth Fleet into this island and beach it.
That's just number one.
Number two is a dilly.
We have a super magnet than this one on the bottom of the ocean directly beneath this island.
- You mean-- - That's exactly what I mean!
This entire island will be pulled down to the bottom of the ocean, taking the Sixth fFleet with it.
- You're mad, Siegfried!
- Uh, maybe a little, but that's all.
- Starker, pull the switches!
- Starker: Ja.
And now we take them out of here!
Move!
Get!
Move!
Go on, out!
Move it quickly!
Schnell!
Siegfried: Over by the magnet, move it!
Move it.
Move it.
Quickly!
Move move move move, halt!
One giant step forward.
Halt!
Halt!
Und now we part company.
- You're letting us go?
- You're standing in synthetic sand.
Is that anything like quicksand?
No, it's quicker.
My feet are stuck!
Stop struggling, 99.
It'll make you sink faster.
- Starker, to the boat.
- Ja.
Und this time it isn't auf wiedersehen.
You've had it!
Prepare to launch!
Launch!
Request permission to come aboard, sir.
Granted!
Stroke stroke stroke!
Stroke stroke stroke!
Stroke stroke!
Oh, we're never going to get out of here alive, Max.
I know it, 99.
I just wish Bannister were here.
- Who's Bannister?
- Control's top agent.
- Why do you wish he were here, Max?
- I don't like him.
Stroke!
Stroke!
Stroke stroke!
Max, 99, look on the horizon.
Oh, look at that, it's the Sixth Fleet!
We've got to find some way to keep them away from this island.
-  Yankee, go home!
- Max.
Max, do you have your mini magnet?
Of course I have my mini magnet.
I have it right here in a secret compartment of my belt buckle.
Oh, good, that's how we'll get out of the sand.
If you just point your mini magnet at the maxi magnet.
Don't be ridiculous, 99!
My mini magnet is no match for the maxi magnet.
I know, Max.
That's just the point.
The maxi magnet's more powerful than the mini magnet so the mini magnet will be drawn toward the maxi magnet.
- That's easy for you to say.
- Max, she's right.
Hurry.
All right, we're going to have to form a chain.
- Now you hold onto me, 99.
- Right, Max.
- Chief, hold onto 99.
- I got her.
- Hurry, Max!
- Okay.
-  -  Oh, no!
The mini magnet is more powerful than the maxi magnet.
There's not much hope for us, but at least we saved the Sixth Fleet.
The magnet is pointing towards the ground.
Max, we're on a floating island.
If something happened to be passing underneath, - the magnet might-- -    Max, look.
A submarine.
- Hang on.
We're gonna hitch a ride!
- Yes!
- You get on, 99.
- Hang on!
- Quick!
That's it, pull!
-  - Hold onto me, Chief.
- I've got you.
Oh, Max, here we go.
- Come on, Chief.
- All right, Max, deactivate the magnet.
Well, we got out of that one.
Got out of what one?
This island is about to sink.
You're right, Chief.
We've got to find out a way to contact the Sixth Fleet.
If only we had a rowboat or a rubber raft.
Yeah.
Why are you looking at me?
Uh, Chief, doesn't that suit inflate?
Yes, through a tube in the helmet.
What's that got to do with anything?
Max, they see us!
We're saved!
Keep your fingers crossed, 99, and hope the Chief doesn't spring a leak before we make it.
Kick your feet, Chief.
We don't have all day!
{END OF EPISODE 13}{START OF EPISODE 14}
Hello.
Operator: Mr. Maxwell Smart, please.
- Long distance calling.
- I'm drenched.
I have a call from Mrs. Smart for Mr. Smart.
Is he there, Mr. Drenched?
No, my name isn't-- Mrs. Smart, did you say?
- That is correct.
- Yes, I'll accept the call.
Please deposit $4.75.
Right, operator.
- 99.
- Hello, Max.
How are you?
Gee, I'm sure glad to hear your voice.
Sorry, your time is up.
Look, 99, why don't you call me right back and reverse the charges?
- Right, Max.
-  - Who is it?
Spiffy Vacuum Cleaner man.
I'm sorry, but I'm not interested in a vacuum cleaner.
Spiffy cleans in a jiffy.
Good for Spiffy.
I'm still not interested.
Look, I'm very busy.
I'm expecting a long distance phone call.
-  - There it is now.
Excuse me.
- Hello.
- Operator: Mr. Drenched, I have a collect call from Mrs. Smart for Mr. Smart.
- I'll accept it.
- Go ahead, please.
Oh, hello, Max.
I miss you so much.
I miss you too.
How's the assignment coming?
Pretty well.
I should have it wrapped up in two or three days.
Good.
I can't wait for you to get home.
Things aren't the same around here without you.
Aw, have you been taking care of yourself, Max?
- Have you been eating a good breakfast?
- Don't worry, 99.
Every morning when I get up, I go down to the lunchroom on the corner, have breakfast and then I run right back to the apartment.
Oh, Max, you shouldn't eat there.
The food is terrible.
Why do you think I run right back to the apartment?
Max, I don't want you to eat there anymore.
If you don't feel like cooking for yourself, why not just go to the supermarket and get some TV dinners?
I did, 99, but they canceled all my favorites.
Max, I'm late for a contact.
You take better care of yourself.
I'll call again tomorrow.
- Goodbye, sweetheart.
- Bye-bye, love.
- Who is it?
- Man: Spiffy Vacuum Cleaner man.
I already told you I'm not interested in buying a vacuum cleaner.
Sir, just let me show you the quality of the hose.
I really appreciate this.
You're the first person who even let me in the door.
Yes well, that's all very well and good.
Nevertheless, I have no need for a vacuum cleaner, - so you're just wasting your time.
- It's okay.
When I go back to the office, I have to tell them I had a demonstration.
All right, go ahead.
Demonstrate it.
- Just take a second.
- You're wasting your time.
I'm telling you I don't need a vacuum cleaner.
Wait'll you see it.
You'll appreciate it.
- Is that dirt?
- Yes, it is, but it's clean.
It's the first time I used it all day.
I certainly hope this thing can pick all that junk you just threw all over my new rug.
You're not gonna believe when you hear this machine.
-  - Huh?
How about that motor?
- You can hardly hear it.
- I can't hear it at all.
That's because it's not running.
There's a short.
I'll get the-- I have another one, sir, in my car, a new demonstrator.
- Let me get that.
- Don't bother.
- I'll use my own vacuum, clean it up.
- No, don't do that.
That dirt won't come up in your vacuum cleaner.
This is a special kind of dirt.
It'll only work in a Spiffy.
Don't panic.
I'll be right back.
Spiffy in a jiffy.
Gas.
Chief, you'll never believe what just happened to me.
I was gassed by a phony vacuum-cleaner salesman.
And when I came to, my whole apartment had been completely ransacked.
- They're early.
- Who's early?
KAOS-- they're looking for Dr. Canyon.
- Who's Dr. Canyon?
- A KAOS scientist who's invented a formula for invisibility.
Invisibility?
Dr. Canyon defected to this country and has offered to turn the secret over to CONTROL.
- What secret?
- The secret of invisibility, Max.
Oh, that secret.
Then that's why they searched my apartment.
- Chief?
- Yeah?
Why did they search my apartment?
Max, this is too vital to discuss on the phone.
I couldn't agree more, Chief.
- Come down here as soon as you can.
- I'm leaving now, Chief.
- And I'll fill you in.
- On what?
- Max!
- I'm leaving right away, Chief.
- Is there anything I can bring you?
- No, thanks, Max.
I've already got it.
Dr. Canyon's formula for invisibility's really quite simple.
All objects reflect or refract light waves.
The formula changes the absorption ratio so the optic nerve is unable to transmit light impulses to the cerebellum, thus rendering anything it touches imperceptible.
That's easy for you to say.
Max, in other words, it has the ability to cloud men's minds.
Hey, Chief, that'd come in very handy during an election.
It comes in handy right now, Max.
There's something I haven't told you yet.
Brace yourself.
KAOS has stolen the Ginsburg papers.
- Chief.
- Yes?
Someone's been putting gum under your desk.
Max, didn't you hear what I said?
The Ginsburg papers have been stolen.
You know how valuable they are to our government.
I know.
If those papers fall into the wrong hands-- Max, they are in the wrong hands, - and we've got to get them back.
- How are we gonna do that?
Who is the one person who could penetrate KAOS headquarters, get the Ginsburg papers and slip out without being noticed?
-  The vice president.
- Wrong.
Dr. Canyon.
Of course, Dr. Canyon.
He could make himself invisible and walk right into KAOS headquarters.
There's only one danger: The formula wears off with very little warning.
If that should happen while he's in there, they'll kill him.
That's the chance we'll have to take, Chief.
I'd rather risk one of our own agents, but until the formula's perfected, Dr. Canyon won't let anyone else use it.
- When does Dr. Canyon get here?
- He arrived tonight by boat.
You're to meet him at the Golden Frigate Cafe.
- What does he look like?
- We don't know.
We don't have a picture of Dr. Canyon in our files.
But you go to the cafe and he'll contact you.
Now remember, Max, your job is to protect him from KAOS until complete security arrangements can be made.
I'll hide him at my apartment.
KAOS has already searched there.
Good thinking, Max.
Oh, one more thing-- this case is a code Z. That means you can't discuss it with anyone, not even 99.
- Right, Chief.
- Now, Max, I want you to be very careful.
KAOS will stop at nothing to get at the doctor.
Don't worry, Chief.
They're dealing with a thoroughly experienced, highly-trained, alert and perceptive agent, one who doesn't overlook the minutest detail.
Chief, what was that place that I was supposed to meet him at?
Hello, Chief?
Max.
Something's gone wrong.
I've been here for over two hours and no sign of Dr. Canyon yet.
Invisible, eh?
All right, Chief, I'll keep my eyes open.
Wait a minute, Chief.
The door just opened and closed by itself.
I think Dr. Canyon just came in, or went out.
I can't talk anymore, Chief.
Canyon's here.
And you're right.
He's invisible.
Don't worry, Chief.
He's in good hands.
Dr. Canyon.
Maxwell Smart Secret Agent 86 of CONTROL.
We've got to be very careful.
Here's the-- Don't worry, Dr. Canyon.
It's waterproof.
Don't move, Dr. Canyon.
Two KAOS agents just came in.
We've gotta get out of here.
Follow me.
And try not to be conspicuous.
Now the front door is blocked.
So we'll have to escape through the window of the men's room.
Woman's voice: I'm afraid we'll have to think of another way out, Mr. Smart.
Come in now.
All right, now I don't want you to go near any windows.
Don't open the door for anybody, and above all, keep your voice down.
I'm a married man, and it'd be pretty hard to explain to the neighbors what a woman is doing in my apartment while my wife is away.
Have you got that?
Shh.
We may have been followed.
- Who is it?
- Dr. Canyon.
I'm going to bed now, Doctor.
If you need any more blankets, you'll find 'em in the closet.
I'll see you in the morning.
Better make that, "I'll talk to you in the morning".
Am I tired.
-  - Dr. Canyon, what are you doing on the sofa?
I was sleeping.
You're supposed to be upstairs in the bedroom.
I didn't want to be any trouble, Mr. Smart.
I'll be fine right here on the sofa.
Nonsense.
I won't hear of it.
Now I want you to get a good night's sleep.
- What's the matter?
- I'm not sure.
I feel dizzy.
I'm afraid the formula is wearing off.
Perhaps I'd better Doctor, Doctor!
Oh, that's just great.
What else can happen to me today?
What else?
- Who is it?
- 99: It's me, Max.
That's what else.
you open the door?
Yes, I will in a minute, dear, but right now I have my hands full.
Aren't you gonna open the door, Max?
Yes, dear, in a minute.
What are you doing here?
Max, I live here.
Yes, but you're not supposed to live here for two more days.
We got a break on the case, and I wrapped it up right after I talked to you, - so I caught a plane and here I am.
- Good.
-  - Oops.
Excuse me, Doctor.
Max!
Oh!
I missed you so much.
Oh, it's so wonderful to be home.
Listen, 99, I know you must be famished.
Why don't we run down to Chinatown and get some chop suey?
- No, Max, I ate on the plane.
- Ate on the plane.
Max, were you sleeping on the sofa?
Huh?
Oh, the sofa, yes yes.
As a matter of fact, 99, I was sleeping on the sofa.
You see, I wanted to be next to the phone - in case you called.
- But there's a phone in the bedroom.
A phone upstairs, yes, that phone.
Well, I wanted to be down here next to this phone because you see, this phone is next to your picture.
Why didn't you take my picture upstairs?
Your picture upstairs, yes, well, to tell you the truth, 99, I was afraid that I would drop your picture and break it.
- Max, how can you break cardboard?
- Cardboard, yes.
That's hard to break, I'll tell you.
I have a tremendous idea.
Why don't we go down to Chinatown, and we'll get a nice bite to eat, maybe some nice chow mein?
- Max, you asked me that before.
- No no, I asked you about chop suey.
- I still ate on the plane.
- Egg foo young?
Max, it's 4:00 in the morning.
Close the door and let's go to bed.
Look, 99, look, here, this'll be nice.
You can sleep right here.
I'll have this fixed in a jiffy, and you'll just sleep like a baby.
Everything will be just beautiful.
Max, I'm not sleeping on the sofa.
I'm sleeping upstairs in our bed.
Yes, well look, 99, I've got a tremendous idea.
Why don't you fix yourself a nice cup of hot, warm milk, and I'll take your bag upstairs to the bedroom?
Good idea, Max.
- Where am I?
- Shh, my wife is downstairs.
But I thought you said she was out of town.
She was, but she isn't.
All I can say is it's a good thing that you're invisible because if my wife ever saw you-- Dr. Canyon, you're visible.
- Max!
- Oh, hi, 99.
Now wait a minute, 99.
I can explain anything-- I mean everything.
There's nothing to explain.
It's perfectly clear.
It's not perfectly clear.
You don't even know why I brought Dr. Canyon here.
I suppose you're gonna tell me she's part of some secret case you're on.
- How did you know that?
- Oh, Max, goodbye.
Mrs. Smart.
I think we owe her an explanation.
Now just a moment, Dr. Canyon.
This is a code Z case, and I'm not allowed to tell anybody about it, - not even my wife.
- I am not a CONTROL agent.
You see, Mrs. Smart, your husband was assigned to protect me from KAOS.
- And may I ask why?
- I invented a formula for invisibility.
And that's the truth, 99.
When I brought Dr. Canyon home, I thought he'd be a short, fat, bald-headed, little old scientist.
I never dreamed for one single moment that it would turn out to be this luscious, beautiful, gorgeous woman that you see before you.
I don't think I explained that too good.
I think you explained it perfectly.
- Goodbye.
- Wait.
I can prove it.
I have a can of invisibility spray in my purse.
That's it.
Where's your purse?
I don't know.
It's invisible, and I can't remember where I put it down.
It must be around here someplace.
Oh!
I found it.
The spray can should be visible because it's inside the purse.
Just reach in and get it.
Now watch this, 99.
Mr. Smart, I'd rather you wouldn't.
It's all right, doctor.
I just wanna prove something.
Max, you're invisible!
You were telling the truth.
- Then you forgive me?
- Oh, of course I forgive you, Max, but how can you ever forgive me?
I mean, I was such a bad person not to believe you when you were telling me the truth.
- Goodbye, Max.
- Where are you going now?
- I'm leaving you.
- What for?
- I don't deserve you.
-  Oh, hello, 99.
Gee, I'm glad you're back.
You could be a real help on this assignment.
Now I'll fill you in on the details.
- I know all about it.
- Chief: who told you?
- She did.
- Who's she?
- Dr. Canyon.
- Dr. Canyon's a woman?
- Max: that's right.
- Who's that?
- it's me, Chief.
I'm invisible.
- Max?
That's wonderful.
The formula really works.
- What's up, Chief?
- We've just learned that KAOS is going to take the Ginsburg papers out of the country tonight.
KAOS has the Ginsburg papers?
Unfortunately for the civilized world, yes.
Now we have exactly one hour to penetrate KAOS headquarters and take out those papers.
Doctor, make yourself invisible.
- I can't.
- Why not?
Mr. Smart used up all the formula.
- Can't you make some more?
- Yes, I can, - but it'll take me five hours.
- We don't have that much time.
- Max, it's up to you.
- I'll try, Chief.
But I doubt if I could make the formula any faster than Dr. Canyon.
I don't mean that, Max.
I mean now that you're already invisible, you'll have to penetrate KAOS headquarters and take out those papers.
It'll be a pushover, Chief.
I'll be able to move around KAOS headquarters just like I'm moving around in this room right now.
I won't even have to look out for the guards.
But I'll have to watch out for the lamps.
Hey, how much longer?
Another 25 minutes.
Then we can stop worrying about the Ginsburg papers.
Then let's grab a cup of coffee.
- You know we can't leave this room.
- What could happen?
There's a guard on every floor.
Double security.
It would be impossible for anybody to get in here.
What was that?
The lamp fell over.
Lamps just don't fall over.
This one did.
Ugh, will you look at the dust on that lamp?
-  -  - Gesundheit.
- What did you say?
- I said gesundheit.
- Oh.
What for?
I didn't sneeze.
Well, someone did.
There's someone in this room.
Hey, relax.
We've been guarding these papers so long you're beginning - to imagine things.
- We can't take any chances.
You know what would happen if those papers fell into the wrong hands?
Gentlemen, those papers are in the wrong hands.
You're right.
There is someone in this room.
That's right.
Maxwell Smart, Agent 86.
And you're powerless because I happen to be invisible.
So, gentlemen, go ahead and fire your guns if you wish.
It will do you no good because you don't know where I am.
You see, one minute I might be here.
And then the next minute, I might be over here.
And of course, a minute later, I might be here.
It all reminds me of a little poem I once heard.
"They seek him here.
They seek him there.
Those Frenchies seek him everywhere.
Is he in heaven, or is he in hell?
Ha ha ha ha!
That darned elusive pimpernel".
So you see, gentlemen, the truth of the matter is that I can take the Ginsburg papers anytime I like.
And there is nothing you can do to stop me.
Get your foot off the chair.
Don't tell me I'm not invisible.
You're not invisible.
I asked him not to tell me that.
Do you know what's going to happen to you, Smart?
- You're gonna have an accident.
- One 15 floors up.
You're going to fall out of that window, and it's going to look like a suicide.
Wrong, gentlemen, because there is no way in this world that you can make me jump out that window.
Therefore, your plan will not work.
But it's certainly worth a try.
Get out on that ledge.
Now just a moment, gentlemen.
Surely you don't think I would be stupid enough to come here by myself.
- Yes, we do.
- That's where you're wrong.
Because at this very moment, CONTROL Agent Fredericks is standing right behind you.
You don't think we're stupid enough to fall for that trick, do you?
Now get out on that ledge.
All right, Fredericks.
Let 'em have it.
Moorpark, is there someone behind me?
No.
That's funny.
Someone just tapped me on the shoulder.
Good work, Fredericks.
Fredericks?
I don't know anybody named Fredericks.
Boy, am I glad Dr. Canyon showed up when she did.
Fortunately, with the help of the boys in the lab, she was able to make the formula in less than an hour.
- Lucky break for me.
- Lucky break for the world.
We saved the Ginsburg papers.
- Where are they, Max?
- Right here, Chief.
Wait a minute.
These are the wrong papers.
- What do you mean, Max?
- These are the Gottlieb papers.
No, Max, those are the Ginsburg papers.
But it says right there "Gottlieb".
Ginsburg changed his name.
{END OF EPISODE 14}{START OF EPISODE 15}
-  Max-- - Shhh.
Be very quiet, 99.
Don't slam the door.
- What'd you say?
- Nothing.
Max, did this man, Becker, tell you exactly where he was going to meet us?
No, all he said on the phone was to meet him backstage at midnight and he'd be waiting for us.
Look, Max, there's a light coming from the stage.
Come on.
I don't see him, Max.
He must be around here someplace, 99.
I'll cover the stage, you cover backstage.
- Right.
- Now if anything happens, we'll give the long whistle signal.
Max, I'm scared.
Be careful.
You too, 99.
Oh, Max, you scared me half to death.
Any sign of Becker, 99?
He's not backstage, Max.
I don't understand it, 99.
When he called me on the phone, he said that it was absolutely urgent that we meet him here.
He said the whole future of the United States depended upon it.
Did he say anything else?
Well, yes, as a matter of fact, he did mention something else.
- What was it?
- Well, I can't remember.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I know what he said.
He said-- he said that his life was in danger.
- Is that him, Max?
- I don't know.
Are you Harlow Becker?
He called us all the way down here just to tell us that?
It took us two years to discover and destroy KAOS's communication system, and they turn right around and come up with a new setup that'll probably take us another two years to break.
Of course.
And the information that Becker was going to give us-- that was the key!
- That's right.
- How was KAOS communicating with their agents before, Chief?
Through a very ingenious method.
I'll show you.
Now look, Max.
This looks like ordinary confetti, right?
Do you know what it really is?
Sure, it's a cat box.
No, Max, it's KAOS confetti.
This is how they contacted their agents.
- I don't understand.
- Whenever KAOS wanted to contact their agents in a different city, they'd hold a parade.
The agents would pick up the confetti from the street and the color of the confetti determined their instructions.
- How?
- Green confetti meant that they were supposed to go ahead with the proposed plan.
Red confetti meant, "Stop instantly".
That's fantastic, Chief.
How did you ever find that out?
They also used white confetti.
That meant, "Danger, leave the country immediately".
Fortunately for us, during their last parade it snowed.
- They all left the country?
- No, they all went to Miami.
Oh.
Well, how did Becker fit into all this?
It's my hunch that KOAS hit upon a new method of contacting their agents, and Becker stumbled on it accidentally.
He was about to give that information to you and 99.
Of course.
And KAOS got to him first.
Oh, I'll get it, Chief.
Who was Harlow Becker?
All we know is that he was an actor with a theater group run by a man named Victor Polo.
Max, have you and 99 had any acting experience?
No, but I have a cousin who's on television a lot.
- An actor?
- Great actor.
Sells used cars.
Harlow Becker's wife was also with the theater group.
Of course, after the tragedy happened, she-- - She changed agents.
- No, she left the play.
Now you and 99 are going to replace them.
Don't worry, they're only minor parts.
With a little professional help, you should be able to carry it off.
I've arranged with the country's foremost drama coach to give you a crash course in acting.
- What's his name?
- Emilio Pedechefsky.
And so I say, my fair Melissa, I retreat from the arms that repelled me, the eyes that scorned me and the heart that never held me.
And in parting, remember me not as the fool who desired to love thee, but as the lover who failed thee.
You didn't like it?
Oh, it was beautiful.
Wasn't it beautiful, Max?
Oh, I thought it was superb.
Absolutely superb.
Is that from a play?
No, it's from the verse of "Do you know the way to San Jose"?
Of course, I don't expect the two of you to be so brilliant so soon.
But if only a mere portion of the Pedechefsky method of acting rubs off on you, you'll be very well-prepared for your mission, Mr. Smart.
Now would you like to recite something for me?
- Me?
-  Okay.
I love it, I love it!
Continue!
Why are you singing, Mr. Smart?
Oh, well, you told me to continue.
The other part was only the verse.
Yes.
Now the Polo theater group opens its season tomorrow night with a new play entitled, "The Horrors of Hemlock House".
You will be reading for the roles of Lady Fanny and Mannering the butler.
Turn to page 90 and we'll start.
I wish I could do something with my hair.
Mr. Smart, don't you think it would be a good idea if we let Mrs. Smart play Lady Fanny, you play the butler?
I wish I could do something with my hair.
I beg your pardon.
Smiles and bows.
No, no, no.
"Smiles and bows" are merely stage directions.
You say "I beg your pardon".
Then you smile and bow.
Gotcha.
I wish I could do something with my hair.
I beg your pardon?
!
No, no, no, Mr. Smart.
You said that as if she insulted you or something.
Now look, you are a butler-- her butler.
You walk into the room as she makes a casual remark about her hair and you beg her pardon for intruding.
Where does it say that in the script?
It doesn't say that in the script, but the moment calls for it.
It's the mood, the attitude.
- The motivation.
- Is that important?
It's extremely important.
Without the right motivation, you can't possibly intrude.
Then it ought to say that in the script.
Take it from the top of the page!
Oh, I wish I could do something with my hair.
- Now?
- Whenever ya like.
I beg your pardon.
Lady Fanny, I have been in your employ for 10 years.
Tonight, I am giving notice.
But why, Mannering?
Because, dear lady, I saw you shoot a gun at his lordship, your late husband, right after you played a game of "Go Fish".
And I heard him explain before he fell, "You shot me fanny".
No, no, no!
You said, "You shot me fanny".
Sounds like you're a cockney.
Her name is Fanny!
"You shot me," pause, "Fanny".
Now don't say the word "pause".
I'm only telling you to pause.
"You shot me, Fanny".
"You shot me Fanny".
Better.
Much better.
Now at this point in the play, Lady Fanny, fearing that you will go to the police, pulls out a gun and shoots you.
- Do I die on stage?
- Oh, I'm sure you will.
I promised your Chief that I would personally contact Victor Polo and recommend that he hire you.
- Where's the phone?
- It's right over there.
If you thought I did a good acting job for you earlier  wait till you see this.
Victor Polo?
This is Emilio Pedechefsky.
Oh, you're much too kind.
I understand that your new production opens tomorrow night, and that two minor roles are still open?
Good.
I believe I can do you an enormous favor.
Two of my students, infinitely talented, are available.
Tomorrow at 1:00?
They'll be there.
No, no, don't bother to thank me.
Did you get the actors yet?
Emilio Pedechefsky just called.
He's sending over two actors to play Lady Fanny and the butler.
So our casting problems are solved.
Splendid.
Which part in the script contains the information to be given the KAOS agents out front tomorrow night?
The butler.
We've gotta get started with this run-through.
What's keeping those two new actors?
Buongiorno, signores!
Saludos, amigos!
Achtung, mein komerads.
You're the two actors Pedechefsky recommended?
Yes, are you Victor Polo?
Yes, this is the author of "The Horror of Hemlock House," Carl Shirtsinger.
- How do you do?
- I'm Viola Vain, and of course you recognize Mr. Hollywood.
Mr. Who?
Lawrence Hollywood.
You're probably more familiar with my father, who was one of the greatest actors the world-- the world-- has ever known.
I don't think so.
What was his name?
- Huh?
- What was his name?
Jason Hollywood.
Shirtsinger: Never heard of him.
Oh.
You probably remember my mother.
What was her name?
Leonora Vine.
I'm sure you're more familiar with the work they did as a team.
I'm sorry, we've never heard of either one of them.
You've never heard of Hollywood and Vine?
If you're ready, we'd like to run through your scene.
Charlie, be sure the prop gun for Miss Vain is in the end-table drawer.
All right, clear the stage, everybody.
Let's have some quiet.
Anytime you're ready, Miss Vain.
Oh, I wish there was something I could do with my hair.
I wish I could do something with my hair.
Oh, I do wonder what's become of Mannering.
I beg your pardon.
Mr. Hollywood, you'll be dressed as a butler.
Therefore you won't be wearing a coat.
Why don't you throw it into the wings for now?
Right.
Mr. Hollywood, if you don't mind, let's take it again from the top.
Oh, I wish there was something I could do about my hair.
I beg your pardon.
It's your line.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
What is it?
Lady Fanny, I've been in your employ.
Lady Fanny, I've been in your employ for over 10 years, but tonight I must give you my notice.
And why is that, Mannering?
Because, dear lady, I saw you-- I saw you shoot a gun at his lordship just after you finished playing a game of "Go Fish".
And I heard him exclaim just as he fell, "You shot me, Fanny".
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I am terribly sorry that you heard that, because now I must shoot you too.
Mr. Hollywood, what in the world are you doing?
- I'm dying.
- Could you die a little quicker?
We'd like to break for lunch.
My lady, I heard a shot.
- Good grief!
- Yes, I had to kill him.
He overheard me kill his lordship and I was afraid he would find out about us.
I'll hide him behind the couch.
Tonight, we'll put him in the car and I'll shove him over the cliff.
Oh, good.
And now there's nothing to stand between us and happiness.
All right, well done, everyone.
Mr. Hollywood, could we have a private word with you?
I left out the pirouette- off-the-mantelpiece bit.
I thought it busied things up a little.
How could you take it out?
It wasn't in the script in the first place!
Mr. Hollywood, those physical embellishments, they really get in the way of the lines.
Mannering is a butler.
He's not Burt Lancaster.
Now just do it as written, please!
What do you think, Max?
I think that Victor Polo and Carl Shirtsinger have just made their first mistake.
What was that?
They took out that great stuff I added to the scene.
No, Max, I meant about the assignment.
Have you noticed anything suspicious?
Nothing yet, but as soon as they break for lunch, we're gonna search the dressing rooms.
- Right, Max.
- You search the men's dressing rooms, and I'll search the women's dressing rooms.
Don't you think it would be better if I searched the women's dressing rooms and you search the men's dressing rooms?
lt'd be less suspicious.
Yes, but not as much fun.
-  - What was that?
Someone on the backstage extension.
Hello, Chief?
Max.
- What do you have to report?
- Chief, to tell you the truth, I have a feeling this play should have opened in New Haven.
Max, I'm not concerned about the play.
What CONTROL needs to know is how KAOS is transmitting information through their agents in Polo's theater group.
Just keep your eyes open, Max.
Unless I'm wrong, sometime during tonight's performance secret information will be transmitted to certain KAOS agents in the audience.
- Right, Chief.
Are you gonna be there?
- Of course.
Oh good.
Where will you be sitting?
I'll wave to you.
Max, I don't know where I'll be sitting, but I'll be out there.
Look for me in the third act.
That's where I do my big scene.
I get killed.
I'll be looking forward to it.
Chief, 99 and I are leaving the theater now.
So Lawrence Hollywood is a CONTROL agent.
We knew he wasn't an actor.
The irony of this is exhilarating.
Whoever would have thought we'd run into a situation like this?
A CONTROL agent will be delivering KAOS information tonight.
You mean we're still going through with it?
Of course!
The setup's ideal.
Now let's insert the code into the butler's speech.
"10 years" becomes "eight".
"Tonight I'm giving notice" we change to "tomorrow night".
And "Go Fish" becomes "post office".
Brilliant.
And immediately after the show, we kill him.
Correction-- we kill him during the show.
You were absolutely brilliant this afternoon at the inquest, my dear.
Then you don't think they suspected me?
You heard the verdict-- accidental death.
The gun went off when his lordship was cleaning it.
Oh!
How long will it be before we can announce our betrothal?
- Mr. Hollywood.
- Huh?
There are a few last-minute changes Shirtsinger's made in your speech.
Yes-- now?
I'm on in a minute!
The changes are very minor.
You'll be able to memorize them in a second.
Shirtsinger is pretty picky, isn't he?
I don't see where these few changes improve the play or the character any.
In the theater, the author has the last word.
- Your cue's coming up.
-  Remember, say the new lines.
Oh, I wish I could do something with my hair.
I beg your pardon.
Lady Fanny, I've been in your employ for over eight years now.
Yes, but tomorrow night I must give my notice.
Why is that, Mannering?
Have you discovered anything?
- Yes.
- What?
Smart is the worst actor I have ever seen in my life.
I know that.
But have you recognized any KAOS agents in the audience?
- One.
- I've spotted several.
Alert our agents in the lobby to cover every exit.
Right, Chief.
I heard him exclaim, "You shot me, Fanny"!
I'm terribly sorry that you overheard that.
Here it comes.
I must shoot you too!
- She missed him!
- They must be onto us.
He's got to be silenced!
Max, there are real bullets in this gun!
- You're telling me?
- What are we gonna do?
We've gotta get off this stage.
I heard a shot, but I see you missed him, Lady Fanny.
But I shall not miss.
Hold it!
You hold it!
No, you hold it.
You're under arrest.
Henderson?
Get the curtain down!
The curtain!
Get it down!
Get his gun, Max.
You got here just in time, Chief.
Chief, I think I know how these two guys were passing KAOS information to their agents.
Just before I went on, they changed certain words in my speech.
That's exactly how they did it, Max.
- Go on, Chief.
- On opening night in each city, KAOS agents were in the audience.
Shirtsinger would then substitute certain words in one of the actor's speeches.
Those words were code words known only to KAOS.
- How clever!
- Thank you.
Then you mean there were KAOS agents in the audience tonight.
Yes, but we got them.
We made six arrests in the lobby.
- Six KAOS agents?
- Five were KAOS agents.
The sixth was a drama critic.
Lock him up anyway, until we see the morning papers.
Henderson, take 'em down to headquarters.
Chief, I think we've got a hit on our hands.
{END OF EPISODE 15}{START OF EPISODE 16}
-  -  - Drop it.
-  Over budget or no over budget, I can't afford to lay off five agents.
There must be some mistake.
Sorry, Chief, but you know this computer.
It doesn't make mistakes.
Oh, then why did it pick Egypt over Israel in the six-day war?
- Who didn't?
- I need every available man I can get to find KAOS's munitions depot.
Let me see that layoff list again.
Agent 42, 54, 71, 99-- It's based on seniority, Chief.
Those are the five agents who have been with us the shortest amount of time.
It's a terrible thing to happen.
Max and 99 just got married, and they bought all new furniture.
How are they going to pay for it?
She can work as a babysitter like my wife does, Chief.
She makes $50 or $60 a week babysitting.
It works out great.
Your wife sits every day?
- No, only at night.
- Then when do you see her?
I don't.
I told you, it works out great.
I've got to get this over with or I'll never be able to sleep tonight.
Get 99 on the phone for me.
I can't.
She's out on a case with Max.
Well, that's even better.
I'll let Max tell her.
- Get Max on the shoe phone for me.
- Right, Chief.
Are you going to kill me?
I have orders not to take any CONTROL agents alive.
All right, fella.
Hold it right there.
Now drop that gun before I let you have it.
You drop your gun or I'll let her have it.
You drop your gun or I'll let you have it Before you can let her have it.
Suppose I let her have it before you let me have it.
It'll do you no good to let me have it once she's already had it, right?
Eh, could we take that again from the top?
Just drop your gun and come down here.
Your shoe's ringing.
Hello, Maxwell Smart here.
Oh hi, Chief.
Eh-- Wait a minute, I'll find out.
Can I talk?
Thank you.
It's okay, Chief.
I can talk.
Oh, really?
That's great.
When did that happen?
Don't be silly.
Of course I'm not upset.
I'm delighted.
Eh, I'll explain when I see you-- eh, if I see you.
What do I mean by "if I see you"?
Yes, well, I'll explain that when I see you, Chief.
Goodbye.
What was that all about, Max?
Great news, 99.
There's been a cutback at CONTROL, and you're no longer a CONTROL agent.
Well, why is that good news?
Because if you're no longer a CONTROL agent, then he has no reason to kill you.
You're still a CONTROL agent.
Eh, yes, but I was thinking of quitting.
No matter.
I'm going to kill you both anyway.
Before you do, I have one last request.
- Yeah, what's that?
- May I have a kiss?
Well, certainly, 99.
No, Max.
Him.
Him?
Well, okay.
You mean, you want to kiss me?
- Yes.
- What kind of last request is that?
Well, I don't smoke.
Why not?
- Ooh.
-  Max!
You shouldn't have taken a chance like that.
- He could have shot you.
- Well, you didn't think I was gonna stand around here and watch him kiss you.
Oh, Max, I'm wearing my knockout lipstick.
The minute he kissed me, he would have fallen unconscious.
Oh.
Well, why didn't you say so?
Well, I thought you could tell from my strange request.
You don't think I'd kiss another man, do you?
No, I guess not, 99.
- I'm sorry.
- Aw.
You wanted to see me, Chief?
Oh, yes, Max, we've got a lead on the KAOS munitions shipment.
But first, how is Not too good, Chief.
As a matter of fact, right now she's out looking for a job.
Well, why is she doing that?
The layoff is only temporary.
I know, Chief, but she's been a CONTROL agent for so many years that she just can't sit around the house and do nothing.
Well, if it makes her feel any better, just tell her I am not taking this sitting down.
I'm having that computer thoroughly checked out.
I never trusted it anyway.
Keep your voice down, Chief.
It's very sensitive.
That computer has been with us for six years.
Why don't you trust it?
Because it's the same computer that gave us an A-1 rating on you when we tested you for CONTROL.
Oh.
Now when we searched that KAOS agent that you captured last night, we found a key to a locker at the airport, and inside of that locker we found this box.
What do you think that is?
Brown wrapping paper.
No, Max, I'm talking about this.
Do you know what this is?
Sure, it's a 12-shooter.
Max, it's KAOS's new secret weapon.
It's a stereophonic pistol.
A stereophonic pistol?
That's fantastic, Chief.
You mean, you can shoot a bullet from this barrel, and you can shoot a bullet from this barrel and if you stand in between, it's just like being there in person.
- Something like that.
- Does it also shoot monaural?
Max, if KAOS succeeds in arming their agents with that pistol, they'll be able to outshoot us two to one.
Not only that, but it'll sound better.
So far they've only been able to arm four or five of their agents, but we've gotten word That a big shipment is coming in any day now.
Now what we have to do is find out where KAOS is going to hide these guns, and how they intend to distribute them to their agents.
What do you want me to do, Chief?
Well, with this cutback in personnel, we're all going to have to double up on our surveillance.
Now we've to got to cover every single possible place in town.
Okay, Chief, you can count on me.
I'll be up first thing in the morning and I'll check out every topless restaurant in town.
Max, KAOS wouldn't hide guns in a topless restaurant.
- They wouldn't?
- No.
- Well, where would they store them?
- I don't know.
Oh.
Well, in that case, I'll check the topless restaurants.
Oh, Max.
I did it again.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, that's my reflex from being an agent.
You really mustn't sneak up behind me like that, Max.
Come on, dear, I'll get you some coffee.
- Ahh.
- Max never mind about the coffee, 99.
Never mind about the coffee.
I don't need any coffee.
I have a nice, full day ahead of me, and I have to be going now.
Max, the Chief called.
He wants you to check out the waterfront district right away.
Oh.
What about all those other places I was supposed to check out today?
He said he checked them out last night.
Hmm.
Okay, I'll see you later.
Okay.
What's that?
There are the want ads.
I'm looking for a job.
Oh.
Well, good luck.
Thank you.
Bye.
Oh!
Max, I'm terribly sorry.
Well, I see you last worked as an airline stewardess.
- That's right.
- Oh.
What was your reason for leaving?
I got married.
Oh, and the airlines wouldn't let you fly anymore?
No, my husband wouldn't.
He's an airplane mechanic.
Oh.
Well, Mrs. Smart, you have an excellent employment record, but I'm just wondering if you'd really enjoy working here.
Oh, I'm sure I would.
I like a job where you come in contact with people.
Oh, well, I'll just take this back and get Mr. Marco's approval.
If I do get the job, when would I start?
- Could you start immediately?
- I don't see any reason why not.
Open that one.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Stack them over there.
Yes?
Marco, I think we found a new salesgirl.
Mrs. Maxwell Smart?
Yes, that's her name.
Why?
She's a CONTROL agent.
So is her husband.
You think she's here undercover?
I don't know.
CONTROL is having economic problems.
She's one of five agents they just let go.
Well, we can't afford to take any chances.
- I'll get rid of her.
- No.
Hire her instead.
- Do you think that's wise?
- Brilliant.
With her working here, we'll be able to monitor all phone calls with her husband.
We can find out if CONTROL suspects that this is the KAOS munitions depot.
- And if they do?
- Then they may find a few guns, but they'll never find Mrs. Smart.
Yes, that's the corn popper.
That's four books, please.
Yes, can I help you?
I'd like one of these, please.
The George Wallace poster-- that's one book.
Mmm, no, you gave me two books.
The Wallace Poster is only one book.
Yes, but I'd also like a set of darts.
Oh, of course.
Here we go.
That's $1.05 tax.
How are we doing, Mrs. Smart?
Oh, just fine, thank you.
I wonder if you'd mind if I called my husband.
He doesn't know I got the job and I don't want him to be worried.
- Oh, certainly, go right ahead.
- Thank you.
Hello?
Hello, Max.
I'm glad I found you in.
Oh, 99, I'm glad you called.
I was just about to leave.
- Where are you?
- I got a job.
I'm working at the Knight Stamp Redemption Center.
Oh, that's great.
Listen, honey, I may be home late for dinner tonight, but don't worry.
We got a tip on the whereabouts of the KAOS munitions depot.
- That's wonderful, Max.
Where is it?
-  Well, I'm not permitted to tell you, 99, but according to this tip, we think that KAOS is using an old silo on an abandoned farm about 45 miles out in the country.
Be careful, Max.
Don't worry, 99.
This is an all-out CONTROL raid.
Every available agent in Washington will be in on this.
I'll see you later.
It's the moment we've been waiting for.
CONTROL is off on a wild goose chase and it's the perfect opportunity to start our big push.
Dimitri, notify every one of our agents to report here immediately to pick up arms.
They're to ask for item 949-- the electric toaster.
The moment we have waited for has finally come.
KAOS is ready to launch its armed revolution.
We'll storm Congress.
We'll attack the Capitol.
And wipe out the Pentagon.
But make sure when they pick up their weapons that they pay the sales tax.
We don't want any trouble with the government.
I'll have a 949.
- Here you go.
- Give me a 949.
Here we are.
I don't understand this.
Everyone who comes in here is asking for 949.
Why such a rush on toasters?
I don't know.
Just keep working.
I'm sure we're going to run out.
Do we have enough in stock?
I'll check.
You take over for me, okay?
- 949, please.
- You too?
- Marco - What are you doing in here now?
she's starting to ask questions.
I think she's beginning to get suspicious.
Well, we'd better move faster.
- 949.
- 949 for you.
- Here you are.
- Give me 949.
- And here's 949.
- 949, please.
Here you go.
More 949s, please.
Sonja, you better get back out there and watch her closely.
How are you doing, dear?
Oh, I'm so glad you're back.
I'm absolutely exhausted.
I wonder if you'd do me a favor.
Could you take over here while I go back - and freshen up a little bit?
- Certainly.
to hear from you.
Tell me, what are you doing with yourself?
Chief, I've taken a job and the place-- Chief: Max told me you were going to work.
That's a wise thing, 99.
It'll keep you occupied.
Listen, Chief, I can only talk for a minute.
I think I've stumbled onto the KAOS munitions depot.
- What?
Where?
- At the place where I'm working.
Well, what's the name of the place?
It's on 4th and Vermont.
It's called "Knight"-- -  - 99?
Did you want to see me, Chief?
Yes, 99 has discovered the location of the KAOS munitions depot.
But before she could tell me more, the line went dead.
So what did you want to see me about, Chief?
Larrabee, we've got to find out where 99 is working.
That's where the KAOS munitions depot is.
Did she say anything that could give us a clue?
All she had time to tell me was that it was on 4th and Vermont.
I know that area, Chief.
There's a gas station, a jewelry store, a delicatessen-- that's it, Chief.
It must be the delicatessen.
Larrabee, why would they use a delicatessen for a munitions depot?
And if they did, how would they get the guns to their agents?
I know that delicatessen, Chief.
They deliver.
We've got to contact Max immediately.
He'll know where Get him on the shoe phone for me right away.
Right, Chief.
-  - Hello.
Hi Chief, this is Max.
Chief: Oh, Max, thank goodness you called.
Chief, we've located the silo.
Max, forget about the silo.
Just tell me where 99 is working.
She's working at the Knight Stamp redemption center on Vermont.
We've got the farm surrounded, Chief.
Chief: Max, forget about the farm.
Just get back to town as soon as you can, and meet us at Knight Stamp redemption center.
Right, Chief, as soon as we execute plan B. Max, you're working on a false lead.
discovered that the Knight Stamp redemption center is the KAOS munitions depot.
So forget about plan B. Don't blow up that silo.
- I wish you'd told me that before.
- Why?
-  -  That's why.
Hurry back, Max.
- Right, Chief.
-  I tried to get Max, Chief, but his shoe phone was busy.
It was busy because he was calling us.
- You were just talking to him?
- Yes.
Well, no wonder.
I tried to get you to tell you that Max's line was busy, but your line was busy.
Max is going to meet us at the stamp redemption center, but we'd better get there right away to try to save 99.
- Right, Chief.
- Now we'd better stop by Wardrobe - And pick up some disguises.
- What for?
Larrabee, every KAOS agent in Washington will be going in and coming out of the redemption center.
They're sure to recognize us.
Oh, really?
Sonja: I feel like a darned fool standing here dressed like this.
I'm sorry, Chief, but the only thing they had left in Wardrobe was that dress and a miniskirt.
- 949, please.
- Well, you're not wearing a miniskirt.
Of course I'm not.
This happens to be my own dress.
Larrabee, is there something about you I don't know?
I kept this as a souvenir.
I played "Charley's Aunt" in college.
That's the 11th person who has asked for a 949 since we've been standing here.
Obviously, they're distributing the guns in toaster cartons.
I don't see any sign of 99.
They've probably got her hidden in the back.
As soon as we get to the counter, I'll make our move.
Next.
Did you say 949?
That's right.
The last of our agents just left.
I'll close up and lock the front door.
Excellent.
Our task is completed.
And now I see no need to keep these three alive any more.
Max's voice: Hello, anybody here?
It's Maxwell Smart.
Hello, anybody here?
If we don't answer, maybe he'll go away.
We can't take a chance on arousing his suspicions.
You go out there and tell him his wife left here 15 minutes ago.
I'll keep you covered.
Oh, I'm sorry, but we're closing for the night.
Oh, yes, well, you see my wife works here, and I was supposed to pick her up and take her home.
- You must be Mr. Smart.
- Yes, that's right.
Oh, well, your wife finished work and left for home about 15 minutes ago.
What the-- Oh!
What's that?
- That's a conveyor belt.
- Oh.
- Max!
- My wife's on it.
My wife's on it?
- Max.
- 99!
This is no time to be surfing.
Max, the Chief and Larrabee are tied up in back.
No, you can't go back there.
All right, drop it.
Be careful Max, there's another agent in here somewhere.
Don't worry, Chief, I'll get him.
Hold it, Mr. Smart.
Drop the gun.
Good!
Good, Max, good!
-  - Not good, Max, not good.
Go get 'em, Max.
Attaboy.
You got him.
You got him, Max.
How do you know?
Marco: That's enough, Mr. Smart.
You will now have the honor of being the first recipient of two bullets from KAOS's new stereophonic pistol.
Those Japanese When we specified "stereophonic," they took us literally.
That means every KAOS agent in Washington is armed with a radio.
All right, Marco, don't try to escape.
This building is completely surrounded by CONTROL agents.
a commendation for this.
I don't care what the computer says, you're going back to work.
Than you, Chief.
Okay, Chief, I'll untie you first, Then you, 99.
Chief, I don't understand how you ever thought you could fool anybody with a ridiculous disguise like this.
I'll get to you in a moment, lady.
{END OF EPISODE 16}{START OF EPISODE 17}
Oh!
Ahh!
That's the Tequila Mockingbird, 99.
According to legend, that object is worth a fortune in diamonds, rubies and pearls.
So this is the little devil that cost Conrad Pomiter his life.
The millionaire art collector?
Did he own the Tequila Mockingbird?
Several times.
When he was 30, he bought it from a Hindu sailor in the city of Tequila, Mexico.
Then 10 years later, it was stolen by a Chinese accountant.
At the age of 52, Pomiter was able to buy it back at an auction in Beirut.
Then 10 years later, it mysteriously disappeared again.
He spent the next 50 years searching for it.
You said the Mockingbird cost him his life, Max.
- How did he die?
- Old age.
You mean you had me come all the way down here, and you haven't got it?
I had it yesterday.
I had it this morning.
But now I don't got it.
KAOS has authorized me to pay you $500,000 upon delivery.
$500,000?
You'll agree to that amount, Valdez.
If you're trying to hold out for more, I warn you-- No, no, I assure you, Señor Dietrick, the price is right.
Chihuahua, that's more than I make all year.
Then give me the Tequila Mockingbird.
I told you, I don't got it.
But I gonna get it back.
- Who does have it?
- I don't know.
When I got in possession of the Mockingbird, I knew I must hide it in a safe place.
So that's when I put it under my pillow.
You kept it under your pillow?
Sí.
I was gonna put it under my bed, but I sleep on the floor.
When I awoke from my siesta, the Mockingbird was gone.
What are you doing, Valdez?
I'm beating on the table.
I know that, it's the way you're doing it.
I'm just keeping time with the castanets.
Wait a minute.
She's sending a message with those castanets.
You know who she works for?
Western Union?
She's a CONTROL agent.
She's telling them that she has the Mockingbird.
Call her over to the table.
Oh, later, señor, I don't want to disappoint the customers.
We must prevent her from telling CONTROL where it is.
Ah, but if she tells CONTROL where it is hidden, then we will know where it is hidden.
And CONTROL will have every one of their agents swarming all over the place.
I'll take my chance on finding it myself without her help.
- Kill her.
- Now?
- Now.
- But she's coming to the best part.
- Do it!
- Sí.
That's fantastic, Chief-- castanets as a receiving device.
That's right, Max.
At this very moment down in Mira Loma, Mexico, one of our CONTROL agents is sending us a message in Morse code on her castanets.
You getting everything, Larrabee?
Wait a minute, Chief, there's something wrong.
What is it?
The castanets have gone dead, sir.
How much of the message did you get before she stopped sending?
Larrabee: "KAOS is onto me.
Man named Dietrick and Mira Loma Chief of Police Valdez know who I am.
Mockingbird is hidden in the--" that's all I got.
They must've stopped her before she could tell us where the Mockingbird's hidden.
Poor girl, she was an excellent agent.
Wait a minute, Chief.
Don't jump to conclusions.
It may not be what it looks like.
After all, the girl may have caught her finger in one of the castanets.
I've seen it happen before.
Not this girl, Max.
She's an expert.
Oh, really?
So was Chico Mendoza.
Mendoza?
Was he with CONTROL?
No, with Trini Lopez.
Hi, Chief.
You wanted to see me?
Yes, Max.
I want you and 99 to take over the Tequila Mockingbird assignment immediately.
Aw, Chief, we wanted to go away for the weekend.
You are going away-- to Mira Loma, Mexico.
Any more messages from down there, Chief?
No, but we must assume the worst.
Max, we've got to do everything we can to keep that Tequila Mockingbird out of the hands of KAOS at any price.
We've booked 99 into the cantina.
She's replacing Esperanza.
Chief, this plane ticket says "Rosita Delgado".
- Is that my cover?
- No, that's 99's cover.
You're going as Dr. Earl J Liebecker.
Oh.
Well, where's my plane ticket, Chief?
Max, Dr. Liebecker is discredited, down and out.
You'll have to get down there any way you can.
Well, I'll need some expense money, Chief.
Cash in that train ticket I gave you.
What train ticket?
Didn't I give you a train ticket to Tacoma?
No, you didn't give me a train ticket to Tacoma.
You gave me a tramway ticket to Tehachapi.
Now stop it right there.
I don't want to get involved in any of those tongue twisters with you.
The last time I did it, I couldn't talk for two days.
Can't we cash 99's plane ticket in and then we can both go down by train?
No, because I want 99 to be in Mira Loma, Mexico, ahead of you.
Max, I'll arrange transportation for you, but I don't want you to take it personally.
Buenos dias, señor.
Oh.
Que sera, sera.
Boy, were my feet parched.
My card, señor.
"Earl J Liebecker, MD".
"MD," what does this stand for?
Eh?
Oh Maryland.
Ignacio Valdez, Chief of Police-- I'm very pleased to meet you-- - and mayor-- - Well, that's very nice-- - and city clerk - Yes, well, you-- and superintendent of schools, cardinal, justice of the peace, dog catcher, tax collector and librarian.
Really?
Where do you get time for all that?
We ain't got no library.
Welcome to Mira Loma.
You will find this village very hospitable.
And here we do not ask questions.
I'm glad to hear that.
What are you doing here?
Oh, yes.
Well, you see I'm a doctor, and I thought you might need a little medical assistance in case a plague came through here.
Plague?
We have not had plague here for four months, señor.
Oh, is that what happened to all the people?
No, it was like this before the plague.
In this village there is not much opportunity for young people.
So they are born here, they are raised here, then they go off to the big city.
- Where is that?
- North Mira Loma, two miles up the road.
Oh, yes.
Well, tell me, where can a fella get a drink around here?
You were just standing in it.
Yes.
I mean the hard stuff.
Ah, the cantina.
You will find the prices low, and it is very shady.
That's exactly what the AMA said about me.
Hasta la - Vista.
- Hasta la whatever that is.
Yes, sir, the one thing you never wanna do is to pull a horse's tooth when he's standing up.
- Señor.
- Ah, Señor Valdez.
Join me in a drink.
Say when.
When.
- Hasta la - Vista.
Yeah, vista, yes.
Señor Liebecker, I was talking to the head of the tourist bureau, and he told me to tell you you are welcome to stay here for as long as you like.
That's very considerate of you.
Who told you I was head of the turista bureau?
Yes, well the owner of the cantina told me.
I did not.
Yes, well, how about another drink?
No, thank you.
There's a gentleman here who would like very much to meet you.
Oh, that'll be my pleasure.
Señor Dietrick, Dr. Liebecker.
Please sit down, Doctor.
Oh, sorry about that.
-  - So you are a doctor, Señor Liebecker?
Are you a specialist?
Specialist?
No, no, no.
I don't believe that a doctor should be a specialist.
And why not?
Why not?
Yes.
I had a friend once who went to a big specialist.
He was a liver specialist.
He treated this friend of mine for liver trouble for 12 years.
Then this friend of mine finally died of kidney trouble.
And how good a doctor are you?
I may not be the greatest doctor in the world, but I'll say this-- if I treat you for liver trouble, you'll die of liver trouble.
And it doesn't take Pfft!
Right into the ground.
You shouldn't drink so much tequila, Doctor.
Oh, this stuff doesn't bother me at all.
Look how steady my hand is.
You get a lot of these earthquakes around here?
Well, salut.
You forgot to open your mouth, Doctor.
Yes, I did that deliberately.
See, I decided that I'd had enough.
What do you do around this town for excitement?
Tonight we have our big opening.
Max!
- Gimme a hand, 99.
- Right, Max.
Oh, no!
Oh, Max, I'm so glad to see you.
How's everything going, 99?
Any leads?
Not a trace of Esperanza or the Tequila Mockingbird.
Max, this is her dressing room.
When I came in, it was in absolute shambles.
Valdez and Dietrick really gave it a going over.
- Did you search everywhere?
- Absolutely everywhere.
I don't understand it, 99.
But one thing's for certain-- if Dietrick is still hanging around, that means they haven't found the Tequila Mockingbird.
Esperanza's too good an agent.
She would've left some clue as to where she hid the Mockingbird.
-  - Quien es?
Man: Señorita, listo en cinco minuto, por favor.
Tell him to slip it under the door.
No, Max, he's telling me that I'm on in five minutes.
Gracias!
You stay here, 99.
I'm going to the cantina and mix with the customers.
Keep your eyes open.
- Be careful, Max.
- Don't worry about me, 99.
- They really think I'm a doctor.
- How do you know that?
Valdez asked me to go out and play golf with him next Wednesday.
- Valdez, the Chief of Police?
- No, Valdez the golf pro.
Max, look!
Boy, whoever swatted that fly wasn't fooling around.
Max, it's a package.
I'll bet this is the clue we've been looking for.
I just hope it isn't fish and chips.
It's an axe.
You may be right, 99.
Look, someone's printed a red "W" on it.
A red "W" on an axe?
- Of co-- -  That's it, 99, a red "W" on an axe.
Now all we have to do is look for a red-headed fireman whose first name begins with a "W".
A red-headed fireman in Mira Loma?
A red-headed Boy Scout?
Esperanza must've gambled that this axe would fall into our hands and not KAOS's.
Of course, so she protected herself by very cleverly disguising it as a clue.
Señorita, I-- forgive me, I did not know you had company.
I have asked the doctor to look at my throat.
It has been bothering me.
Yes, it's nothing to be concerned about, Miss Delgado.
You have a slight inflammation there.
I would just suggest that you do not use your throat unnecessarily, and before you go to bed tonight, just take this.
"A hot bath".
Good luck.
I'll be out there tonight watching you.
Gracias.
Whenever you are ready, señorita.
The customers, they are growing impatient.
- Momentito.
- Sí.
AX.
Of course!
Wax!
But the "W" is red.
Red wax.
That's it!
The table with the red candle must be the clue to where the Mockingbird's hidden!
What is that?
An answer to my inquiry.
It just arrived.
Well?
More than we expected.
It seems Dr. Earl J Liebecker is none other than CONTROL agent Maxwell Smart.
We also have another CONTROL agent in our midst.
Who?
- Rosita Delgado.
- Rosita Delgado?
Where does it say that?
Come on.
A moment of your time, Miss Delgado.
I'm sorry, but I am due onstage in a minute.
Why bother to go onstage when you do such a marvelous job of performing right here, Mrs. Maxwell Smart?
No, I'm afraid you have me mixed up with someone else.
Let's save time, Mrs. Smart.
We are both after the same thing.
Why not pool our talents and join forces?
I'm certain that between the two of us we can locate the Tequila Mockingbird.
- And then?
- And then-- and then I kill you.
So you do know where it is.
I think I can make her talk, Señor Dietrick.
I am also the town torturer.
What is this axe doing here?
I gave myself a manicure.
Red "W".
Have you seen this before?
I have seen a lot of axes.
We had a tong war last year.
Tell us where the Mockingbird is, or we'll kill you.
Man: Señorita, listo ahora.
I'm coming!
Let her go.
Smart is in the audience.
If she doesn't perform, he may get suspicious.
Do your performance, Mrs. Smart, but remember, there will be a gun trained on your head every minute.
Oh, and put down those castanets.
There will be no sending messages.
What is she doing?
She is dancing, señor.
Stop it, you fool.
She's pointing to the candle.
Get Smart!
Gracias, Señor Smart.
Just put it down, and move over there.
There she is, Señor Dietrick, the Tequila Mockingbird.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Superb.
Sí, magnifico.
Not bad.
And now, señor, I will take the $500,000.
I don't think that will be necessary, Valdez.
Now that we found it, all I have to do is take it.
I don't think that will be so easy, señor.
Just a moment.
Do you mind if I jump in here?
Hold it!
All right, gentlemen, anytime you're ready.
Chief!
Oh, Max.
Get in the car.
We got the Tequila Mockingbird, and in a few hours, Dietrick and Valdez will be behind bars.
It's a good thing you decided to back us up on this assignment, Chief.
We'll see you back in Washington, Chief.
I'm really sorry about this, but when I reserved those four seats for the return flight, I didn't realize I'd be taking Dietrick and Valdez back with me.
That's all right, Chief.
It's more important that you get them back to Washington first.
We don't mind as long as we're together.
Come on, Max.
See you back in Washington.
{END OF EPISODE 17}{START OF EPISODE 18}
Max Max, we've gotta get going.
We've got to meet our contact in a few minutes.
Just a second, 99.
I think I've got the hang of this.
It's all in the wrist.
Max, look.
I told you it was all in the wrist, 99.
We've got to hurry, Max.
The 14th tee's way over there.
Don't worry, 99, here comes a golf cart.
I'll get my clubs and you ask for a ride.
Right, Max.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me.
I wonder if you'd mind giving my husband and me a lift to the 14th tee?
Happy to.
I'm Chuck Cramer.
I'm the golf pro here.
Hello.
Ah, we certainly appreciate this.
I'll just hang on the back here.
- Great.
- Okay, let her go.
Thank you very much, Mr. Cramer.
- Chuck.
- Chuck.
We really appreciate it.
-  - What's the matter, Max?
I'm winded, 99.
Max, you're really out of condition.
You oughta take up jogging.
Do you think that's our contact over there?
We'll know in a minute, 99.
I'll give him the password.
- Hi, there.
- Hello.
He's our man.
I'm 86, she's 99.
Say, you two have some handicaps.
No, we're the CONTROL agents that you asked to see.
- Aren't you Fred Fargo?
- No, I'm Frank Fargo.
Frank Fargo?
We're supposed to meet Fred Fargo.
Fred Fargo is my sister-in-law Frieda's father.
Furthermore, he flew to Frankfurt Friday.
You have some information for us?
I overheard a conversation in the locker room that at exactly 4:00 today KAOS is planning to blow up the aerospace center adjoining the golf course.
Smart and 99 are rendezvousing with Fargo.
Not Fred, Frank.
Fred flew to Frankfurt Friday.
And don't worry, I'll make it look like an accident.
Do you have any idea how it's going to be done?
Yes, and I can also tell you who's behind it.
Max: Who?
- Max, what happened?
- I don't know, 99, but he's got a lump on his head the size of a golf ball.
Max, that is a golf ball.
What did I tell you?
I don't understand-- How could a golf ball hit him in the head and-- embedded in the golf ball.
Max, we've gotta find out who did this.
You're right, 99.
Anybody lose a golf ball?
Yes, I see.
All right.
Yes.
Thank you, Doctor.
Goodbye.
What did the doctor say about Frank Fargo, Chief?
He'll be all right.
The doctor said the arrow in that golf ball was tipped with some sort of amnesia-producing drug.
He'll be in the hospital several weeks.
Did you notify his family, Chief?
Just Frieda-- Fred flew to Frankfurt on Friday.
Now we don't have much time-- KAOS has already succeeded in blowing up two other space centers this year.
According to Fargo, this one is set to go at 4:00 this afternoon.
Which is exactly the moment that they plan to test the M-14 rocket.
Would you say this is a coincidence?
Both of those other space centers were blown up at the precise moment they were to test the M-14 rockets.
Now that is a coincidence.
No, it's not.
But would you say this is?
Both of those space centers were located next to golf courses.
Now that is a coincidence.
No, it's not.
But how about this?
Chuck Cramer, who is the golf pro at this club, was also the golf pro at those other two courses at the time they blew up those space centers.
Now I'd say that's a coincidence.
You're right, 99.
Well then, Cramer's our man.
I don't think so.
Because at the exact moment those space centers were destroyed, Cramer was having a drink with the manager of that club, and he has pictures to prove it.
This one was taken at the Pinewood Country Club and this with the manager of the Cedarwood Country Club.
Chief, these pictures are interesting.
Do you mind if I hold onto them for a while?
- Absolutely, 99.
- Chief, someone's coming to our table.
That's Mr. Upjohn, the manager of the club.
I've asked him to join us.
We need all the help he can give us.
- Sorry to keep you waiting, Chief.
- Mr. Upjohn, these are CONTROL Agents - How do you do?
- How do you do?
You're the two that were with the victim when he was struck down.
- That was a terrible thing.
- Yes.
Mr. Upjohn, I'll need your full cooperation.
I'd like Agents 86 and 99 to have full access to the club-- its facilities, the course.
I'd only be too happy to cooperate.
Could you arrange for them to play the course with your pro Chuck Cramer?
No problem at all.
Oh, we're indebted to you, Mr. Upjohn.
I can't go into details.
I can only say that this is for the security of the nation.
I'm a very patriotic man.
If this is for the good of the country, I'll-- I'll tell you what I'll do-- I'll cut the green fee in half.
Having us play with the pro this afternoon, Chief, is a stroke of genius.
- Thanks, Max.
- That way we get a free golf lesson.
That's not the reason why, Max.
Obviously, both those space centers were blown up from somewhere on the adjoining golf course.
Now, it's my hunch that it was done with some sort of a nuclear golf ball.
Chief, the nearest point to that space center is the 14th hole, and that's almost 400 yards away.
Nobody could hit a golf ball that far.
If anybody can, it would be the pro.
Now even though Cramer had an airtight alibi the last two times, I want you two to be playing golf with him at exactly 4:00 this afternoon.
- We'll see to it, Chief.
- Now, Max, under surveillance while you go to CONTROL's secret lab.
Dr. Simon has prepared some special equipment for you.
- Right, Chief.
- Let's get going.
- We don't have much time.
- It's my check, Chief.
I mean, after all, you got it last time.
I mean, it's my turn now.
After all, there are two of us.
There's only one of you.
If you insist, Chief.
Dr. Simon, where are you?
Over here, 86.
Excuse me a moment.
- What are you doing?
- Exercising.
I've gotta keep in shape.
You know what they say-- a healthy body makes a healthy mind.
You must have some mind.
I'll be with you in a minute.
Your special golf equipment is over on the table.
- Ah, thank you.
-  Man over  Two minutes, Miss Simon, two minutes.
What's that for?
You don't use a balloon on a golf course.
That's for my act.
I'm doing a bubble dance this week.
These are your golf clubs.
These irons are scientifically designed to hit a ball straight every time.
Oh.
Do you have a wood that's scientifically designed to hit a golf ball straight every time?
Has anybody?
How about these golf balls?
Are they anything special?
Only one-- it's a magnetic golf ball that will be drawn to anything metallic.
It will home in on the cup, so be sure to use it only for putting.
- Which one is the magnetic one?
-  The one that's stuck to your wristwatch.
Now, should you wanna contact the Chief, this is a golf-shoe phone.
- Well, how does it open?
- It doesn't.
You speak into this spike here and you listen to this spike here.
Oh.
Well, what's this hole in the center for?
- That's where you put the dime in.
- You have to put a dime in?
!
But that's ridiculous.
Suppose I don't have any change?
Supposing I get a wrong number?
They'll send you stamps.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get undressed for my performance.
Man over P.A.: On-stage, Miss Simon.
Dr. Simon, what are you doing with an autographed picture of the Los Angeles Rams?
They gave it to me.
I did an undercover assignment once and traveled for two weeks with the players as one of them.
You mean to tell me that you traveled with the Los Angeles Rams and nobody found out you were a woman for two weeks?
!
They found out the first day, but nobody would tell.
Okay, I'm ready for my performance, 86.
- Wish me luck.
- Good luck.
Oh, I almost forgot my bubble.
- Oh, I'll get it for you.
-  Now how am I supposed to do my dance without my bubble?
Eh, yes.
Well, I don't know, but I'd certainly like to stick around and find out.
I wonder what happened to Chuck Cramer, Max.
It's almost 2:00.
I don't know.
But when he gets here, I just hope you give him the same kind of a bawling-out you gave me.
You must admit that every time you visit CONTROL's secret lab at that burlesque house, you're very late getting back.
is no burlesque house-- at least it wasn't until today.
And I couldn't run out on Dr. Simon-- After all, she is one of our fellow CONTROL agents.
Dr. Simon is not what I would call "One of our fellow CONTROL agents".
Don't be silly, 99.
I mean, she may have a beautiful face and a fabulous body and fantastic legs, but who notices?
Good afternoon, Mr. Smart, Mrs. Smart.
Mr. Cramer will be joining you shortly.
I hope you'll enjoy playing our beautiful course.
That's the first hole over there.
What an unusual ring you're wearing, Mr. Upjohn.
Max, look-- - isn't this a beautiful ring?
- Oh yeah, nice-- very nice.
Well, uh, thank you, thank you.
If there's anything else I can do, please let me know.
I saw a ring like that once before, but I can't remember where.
Well, I doubt it-- it's a family heirloom.
- Have a good round.
- Nice guy.
Max, I know I've seen that ring somewhere before.
I just can't place it.
about a ring at a time like this?
We've got less than two hours before that missile center is gonna blow up.
Not only do we not know how it's gonna be done, we don't even know who is gonna do it.
We know when.
Yes, well, knowing when isn't going to tell us who or how.
I'd gladly trade my when for a who and a how.
- Why?
- Eh why?
Yeah, a good question, 99.
Well, you see, if we know who, then we can watch how who did it and then that will give us our who, our how and our when.
- That makes sense.
- I know it, that's what worries me.
Oh, nice putt, Mrs. Smart.
- Thank you.
- You're away.
Uh, you go ahead and putt.
Yeah.
Hmm.
That's the fourth time today you've done that, Mr. Smart.
I've never seen anybody slice a putt before.
Eh, yes!
Well, it's-- it's all in the wrist.
Do you mind if I look at your ball?
Eh Max, you didn't give him the magnetic ball, did you?
No, I gave him yours.
Looks okay to me.
Come on, 13th hole is next.
- Here's your ball, Mr. Smart.
- Thank you.
That's the first time you've done that today.
Well, it just shows nobody's perfect, Mr. Smart.
You two tee off.
I'll meet you down on the fairway.
- What's wrong, Max?
- I don't know, 99.
I have a feeling he did that on purpose.
It's a quarter to 4:00.
We're supposed to be with him at 4:00 when the explosion's due to go off.
If we keep our eye on him, he can't make his move.
Mm, I guess you're right, 99.
- Here, go ahead, tee off.
- Right.
I switched balls with Smart.
He now has the explosive golf ball.
In two seconds, when he tees off-- that will be the end of Mr. And Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
Oh, throw me a ball, 99.
There're three here.
Which one do you want?
Any one.
Sliced it out of bounds.
- Throw me another one.
- Okay.
That's much better-- hooked it out of bounds.
Throw me the last ball, 99.
There's something wrong with this ball.
- Max, are you all right?
- Yes, but I don't understand.
The space center wasn't supposed to blow up for another 15 minutes.
That wasn't the space center, Max.
Someone tried to blow us up.
An explosive golf ball.
How do you like that Doc Simon-- just because I broke her bubble.
No, Max.
Someone must have slipped you that explosive golf ball.
That must mean we're getting too close.
- What happened?
- Somebody just tried to kill us.
Why would anyone wanna do a thing like that?
I admit you don't play a great game of golf, but still-- look, why don't you two go back to the clubhouse?
You don't want to continue after something like this.
I think it would be better if we played on, at least until the 14th hole.
Yes, why don't you two go ahead and I'll join you in a few minutes?
- Right, Max.
- All right.
Hello, this is Maxwell Smart calling the Chief.
Come in, Chief.
- Chief?
- Yes, Larrabee?
- Call for you from Max.
- I'll take it here.
- Go ahead, Max.
- Hello, Chief.
Somebody just used an explosive golf ball to make an attempt on our lives.
- That's great.
- That's great?
Of course-- that means you're getting too close for comfort.
It also proves that I was right-- they plan to blow up the space center with a nuclear golf ball.
It has to be from the 14th hole-- that's the closest point.
That's where Cramer and 99 are now, Chief.
Then get back there right away.
I have a feeling Cramer's our man after all.
Right, Chief.
Where's Cramer?
He had a 4:00 appointment back at the clubhouse to have a publicity picture taken with Mr. Upjohn.
- Well then, he's not our man.
- Why not?
Because the exploding golf ball has to be hit from the 14th hole, and if Cramer's at the clubhouse, then that automatically eliminates him.
And he's gonna have pictures taken to prove it, just like at the other two clubs.
Max, that's where I saw the ring before.
- What are you talking about, 99?
- Look, these are pictures taken of Cramer with the managers of the other two clubs.
- Do you notice anything similar?
- Yes!
- They're both 3x5 glossies.
- No, Max.
Look at the ring that the two managers are wearing!
- Max: It's the same ring!
- Right!
And that's the same ring that Mr. Upjohn wears, and he says that it's an heirloom-- which means Mr. Upjohn and the two managers are the same person.
You may be right, 99.
We've never seen the three of them together.
Take the glasses and the hair from these two men and put them on Upjohn-- what have you got?
A surprise for Mrs. Upjohn?
- What are you doing now?
- I'm getting out my lipstick telescope.
If Cramer and Upjohn are working together, we'd better make sure that they're back at the clubhouse.
There they are.
How are they gonna set off an explosion when they're having drinks on the terrace?
Let me see that, 99.
I wanna take a look at the 14th hole.
Nope, there's nobody out there.
-  - Oh, thank you very much.
- It's three minutes to 4:00.
- Good, I'll press the button and activate the launcher.
- Oh.
- What's wrong?
Gum.
There.
The launcher is now in position and will fire automatically at exactly 4:00.
Wait a minute, that wasn't there before.
- 99: What?
- That mortar.
- A mortar?
!
- Of course-- The old mortar-in-the-rocks- on-the-14th-hole trick!
Come on, 99, we've gotta get over there before they activate that mortar.
Smart and 99 are heading for the 14th green.
Quick, stop them.
Faster, Max, faster!
I can't go any faster, 99, I've got it up to eight miles an hour now!
Max, it's Cramer-- he's after us.
Keep your head down.
Max, the Chief-- he's after Cramer.
Darn fool kid.
Max, it's Upjohn-- he's after the Chief.
What are we gonna do?
!
- I'm gonna try and lose them.
Hold on!
- Right.
-  - 99: Look out!
- Quick-- hurry!
-  I can't shake them off, 99.
Max, the mortar on the 14th hole is gonna go off any second.
- We're never gonna make it in time!
- Wait a minute, 99.
The golf ball!
The magnetic golf ball that Doc Simon gave me-- it works on the same principle as a ground-to-air missile.
Max, you can't get out and hit a golf ball now.
- Yes, I can.
- No!
Now, you get ready to grab the wheel when I jump.
Be careful, Max.
Upjohn, forget him, stop her!
Max?
Max!
Max, hurry!
Oh, Max, hit it!
Max, the mortar is gonna go off.
Oh!
Oh, Max, you did it!
I'm so proud of you.
That was absolutely fantastic!
Well, it was all right, considering I rushed my shot.
What happened to Cramer and Upjohn?
The Chief has them in custody.
How did that happen?
!
I stopped short and they crashed into me.
That's terrific, 99!
Whatever made you think of a thing like that?
!
I always drive that way, Max.
{END OF EPISODE 18}{START OF EPISODE 19}
Oh, Max, I feel terrible spying on the Chief like this.
He's been like a father to us.
I know, 99, but he's been acting very strange lately, and we've been ordered to check him out.
This is the worst assignment we've ever been given.
Are you sure you tied that rope good and tight?
Of course I tied it good and tight, 99.
I put a double half-hitch in it.
That looks like a slip-knot to me.
Well, it may look like a slip-knot to you, but I'm telling you it's a double half-hitch.
- You're absolutely sure?
- I'm absolutely positive!
If it were a slip-knot, when I pulled the cord it would just go like--  - Are you okay, 99?
- Oh, yeah.
Well, it's a good thing they didn't see us in there.
You know, this is the third time in two weeks that the Chief's come to this computer dating service.
I can't believe the Chief could get that lonely that he would come to a machine for a date.
You'd think he'd come to us first.
We're his friends.
As a matter of fact, I offered to introduce him to a perfectly lovely lady his own age.
- Who was that?
- My mother.
Oh.
Well, maybe he could get that lonely.
I wish there were some way we could open the window so we could hear what's going on in there.
That won't be necessary, 99.
I have an absolutely acute sense of hearing, and although you may not be able to hear what's going on in that room, I can hear every single word through this pane of glass.
- Max, that's fantastic!
- What?
She sounds like a fine woman.
When do I meet her, Dr. Stanton?
Well, she should be here by now.
Bert, has Miss Popanikolini arrived yet?
- Bert: Just a few moments ago, Doctor.
- Excellent.
Excuse me.
Doesn't the Chief realize what a security risk he's running by meeting a girl this way?
I mean, he has access to the top military secrets.
- She could be a KAOS agent.
- Mmm, she might even try to kill him.
- Gina, how nice to see you again.
- Hello, Doctor.
I have someone for you to meet.
Mr. Harold Clark, Miss Gina Popanikolini.
I'm very glad to meet you.
How do you do?
Oh, for me?
Mm-hmm.
Lovely.
Thank you.
- What do you think, Max?
- Well, if she's gonna kill him, it certainly is a nice way to go.
It's 10 after 11:00, Max.
Before the Chief met that girl, he used to be in the office at 7:00 every morning.
Yes, well, that's a break for us, 99.
Gives us a chance to decide where to put this bugging device.
Well, what are you doing by the bookcase?
Every time the Chief comes in, he goes right for his desk.
Why don't we try to hide it someplace on the desk?
Hmm, you're right, 99.
- Here, I'll put it under the phone.
- Oh, good.
Morning, 99.
Morning, Max.
Morning, Chief.
Do you want to see me about something?
Uh, yes, Chief, as a matter of fact, there was something that we wanted to talk to you about.
Max, why are you bringing that phone over to me?
Huh?
Oh.
The phone, yes.
I thought, Chief, that while we were talking, maybe a call might come for you.
Well, if a call does come for me while we're talking, then I'll go over to the desk and answer it.
Well, I thought I might save you the walk.
What is it you wanted to talk to me about?
Uh, well, Chief Hold it, Max.
Go ahead, Max.
You see, Chief, we figured that you're probably one of the most important men in our government.
Thank you, Max.
That's a compliment.
We also feel that you know as much about what's going on in this country as the vice-president.
That's not a compliment.
Why do you keep pushing that phone in front of my face?
- What phone?
- That phone.
Oh, that phone.
Yes, well, I, uh-- It's no good, Max.
I can't go through with it.
Neither can I, 99.
Chief, we cannot tell a lie.
We put a bugging device on this phone.
Now, why on earth would you do a thing like that?
We hate to tell you this, Chief, but we've been tailing you for the past week.
- Why?
- Well, Chief, we didn't want to do it, but that's the assignment they gave us.
- Who gave you that assignment?
- The guy who's over you.
Well, if he's over me, why are you pointing down?
Because his office is downstairs.
Chief, you've become a terrible security risk.
I mean, running around with a young girl you don't know anything about has jeopardized your position as head of CONTROL.
- How much do you know about her?
- We know this much about her-- you've been with her constantly since the first day you met her, and we've followed you while you went dining, dancing and sailing.
And last night I happened to be there when you were having dinner with her at La Petit Tableau.
That's impossible.
La Petit Tableau is a very small restaurant.
- I would've seen you.
- Oh, really?
Did you happen to notice your waiter?
Yes, he spilled soup all-- you were the waiter.
- You're a lousy waiter.
- Yeah, well, you're a lousy tipper.
Oh, Chief, don't you understand what's happening to you?
You've reached that age where a man begins to worry about his virility.
So you want to prove you still have it by having a fling with some young, beautiful girl.
Did it every occur to you that I'm not just having a fling, that I'm lonely and would like to settle down?
Don't you think you ought to pick someone a little close to your own age?
- Someone bright and cheery - Like 99's mother.
I want companionship.
companionship.
I want someone to darn my socks and cook my food.
Well, 99's mother can darn your socks and cook your food.
I'd like to have children.
Uh, 99, what kind of shape is the old girl in?
Well, maybe you're right.
I'm-- I am old enough to be her father, and I guess it wouldn't be very fair to her.
All right, I'll give her up.
I'll phone her and tell her it's all over.
- What's wrong?
- We've been discovered.
- KAOS?
- No, two of my own agents.
- Well, how much do they know?
- Nothing.
They think I'm having a fling with a young girl, and they're worried about me.
It would seem that our meeting like this under the guise of a romance has worked rather well.
Not well enough, I'm afraid.
They've demanded that I stop seeing you immediately.
You can't.
We're so close to completion.
My husband has worked a lifetime on this formula.
I cannot fail him.
How much more of your husband's formula must I absorb?
Let me see.
Uh I've been feeding you at the rate of 30 pages a day.
We could finish by tomorrow night.
I'm afraid I can't stall them that long.
Could we finish tonight?
If you think you can memorize that many pages.
I'll have to.
We'll work now, and then I'll go back to the office and transfer it to microtape.
- Then I'll meet you later tonight.
- Excellent.
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
We selected a male rabbit dying of old age.
We injected him with a solution of hydrochloric plus H2101.
We then placed him in a cage with 12 young female rabbits.
In six hours, increase in nergy was so great he was chasing the rabbits all over the cage.
Did you get that?
Yes, hydrochloric plus H2101.
Go ahead.
Right.
Increase in appetite was checked out next.
We placed the old rabbit in a cage with a carrot.
For two days the carrot remained uneaten, a strong indication of a flaw in the formula.
One night I was working late in the laboratory.
I looked up and discovered the reason.
There in the cage was the old rabbit kissing the carrot.
We lessened the potency 2g to C2F04.
Did you get that?
Yes, lessened the potency 2g to C2F04.
Go ahead.
Well, the next-- - I'm sorry.
- It's all right.
- Shall I continue?
- Yes-- no!
That woman is one of the CONTROL agents I was talking you about.
You go back to your hotel.
I'll meet you later tonight.
- Where?
- They're having a peace demonstration at the Army Induction Center tonight at 8:30.
I'll meet you there.
And while we're pretending to shout obscenities at the police, you'll be giving me the rest of the formula.
Good.
Well, well, if it isn't Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
Do you mind if I take a peek at the baby?
Oh, isn't he cute?
And Japanese too.
All right, Chief.
So you spotted me.
But you must admit you were with that girl again after you promised you'd never see her anymore.
I was saying goodbye to her, 99.
I felt I owed her more than just to do it over the telephone.
- Is that the truth?
- The honest-to-goodness truth.
Good.
Then you can come tonight to our apartment for dinner.
- I'll be there.
- So will my mother.
Wunderbar!
Und that gives me another monopoly.
Uh, Moscow, East Berlin, und Pittsburgh.
Now, I want to build a new missile base on each.
Enough.
I can't concentrate.
My mind is on Dr. Popanikolini.
He left Athens over a week ago.
I was sure he was coming here to give CONTROL his formula.
Why hasn't he shown up yet?
I don't know, but I do know he hasn't contacted CONTROL yet.
Walheim has had the Chief under constant surveillance, and he reports he has met with no one.
No one except that beautiful young thing he's been running around with.
Stroheim speaking.
Yes, I'll take the call.
It's our man in Athens.
Go ahead, please.
No wonder.
Well, things begin to make more sense now.
Well done.
Dr. Popanikolini never left Greece.
They have him hidden in a sanitarium outside the city.
Then somebody else is bringing the formula to CONTROL, but who?
In the 10 days the doctor's been in the sanitarium, his wife has not visited him once.
Interesting, no?
Of course!
His wife!
Who else would he trust with the formula?
Inform Walheim he's to notify us the second the doctor's wife attempts to contact the Chief.
Then we will abduct her and bring her here and torture the formula out of her.
- Exactly.
- But how will Walheim know her?
We don't know what she looks like.
The doctor is 62 years old.
I would say it's safe to assume His wife is in her late 50s.
Mother!
So she said, "Why not"?
Well, how is the greeting card business coming along these days?
The greeting card business?
Oh, fine.
Just fine.
Well, let me tell you, you're a lucky man to have a salesman like my son-in-law working for you.
It was a wonderful dinner, 99.
Just wonderful.
Oh, I'm so glad you liked it, Chief.
My mother gave me the recipe.
an excellent cook, Chief.
Oh, I wouldn't say "excellent".
"Superb," maybe.
- Mother just loves to cook.
- Yes, I do love to cook.
But unfortunately, I have no one to cook for anymore since my husband-- since he-- - since he-- - Died?
Well, why don't you two get acquainted, and we'll do the dishes?
Oh, that's a great idea, 99.
Chief and I haven't had a good talk for a long time.
I meant the Chief and Mom, Max.
You and I can do the dishes.
- Oh.
- Well, 99, why don't I give you a hand with the dishes?
No, no.
No, no, no, Chief.
Why don't you just relax and stay here with Mom, and you two can get better acquainted?
Well, this is just like being at home.
I have these neighbors, Hazel and Lester, you know, and they come to my house for dinner and I go to their house for dinner.
It's just so nice because it just kind of fills in those empty spaces now that my little girl has married and left home, and Well, what do you think, Max?
Oh, well, the lamb was a little spicy, but the Brussels sprouts were absolutely perfect.
No, Max.
I mean, how do you think Mom and the Chief are getting along?
Oh.
Well, it's a little too early to tell, 99.
- Why?
- Yes, well, you see, your mother is at a big disadvantage.
- What's that?
- She's not exactly a pretty woman, and she's a little on the heavy side, and, uh, she doesn't have the greatest figure in the world.
To get right down to it, 99, she's short, fat and wheezes a lot.
Are you trying to tell me that my mother's unattractive?
Now where in the world would you get an idea like that, 99?
Of course not.
I love your mother.
I think she's a great woman.
I think she's terrific.
It's just that I don't want you to get your hopes up.
Well, why not?
Well, because after the Chief has been going out with that big, voluptuous, beautiful Greek girl, I mean, your mother is a little bit of a-- - uh, she's like a - A letdown?
So I said to Hazel, "If you feel that you need a bigger house, there's no reason you shouldn't have it.
After all, Lester's doing very well these days, and there's no reason why you shouldn't have the things you want.
You've been a wonderful wife, you've been a marvelous mother, you've made him very happy all these years, and there's no reason why you shouldn't keep on making--" Are you gonna have another drink?
- It's only my fifth.
- Don't you mean your sixth?
Do you usually drink this much?
I don't drink at all.
- I'm not boring you, am I?
- No.
No, you go right ahead.
I have an appointment in a little while.
You go on.
You were talking about Alma and Archie.
You have had a lot to drink.
It's Hazel and Lester.
I'm perfectly sober.
It was Alma and Archie.
Hazel and Lester.
Alma and Archie.
- Hazel and Lester.
- Alma and--   -  - Max, come.
Sounds to me like they're getting to know each other pretty fast.
I take back what I said about your mother, 99.
She's a tiger!
Chief!
What happened?
Are you all right?
- Where's my mother?
- I was hit by a blackjack.
Your mother hit him over the head with a blackjack?
Max!
My mother wouldn't do a thing like that.
Her mother wouldn't do a thing like that.
Are you sure it wasn't a gun butt?
KAOS probably thinks that your mother has the formula, and they've kidnapped her!
What formula?
Well, I couldn't tell you this before, but that girl that I've been seeing is actually the wife of the famous Greek scientist, Dr. Aris Popanikolini.
Chief, don't tell me you've been going out with a married woman!
Max, the romance was only a cover to throw KAOS off the track.
Each time we were together, she was actually dictating her husband's formula to me.
Oh, really?
What formula is that?
The most important discovery ever made by man.
But we don't have time to discuss that right now.
KAOS will probably torture your mother.
When they find out they've made a mistake, they might kill her.
- Max, my mother!
- Don't worry, 99.
- I'll get your mother out of this.
- I'll come with you.
They've probably taken her to KAOS headquarters.
You two get started, and I'll order an all-out CONTROL raid.
Aren't you coming with us?
I have to get the rest of the formula from Gina.
You two go ahead, and I'll be there as soon as I can.
Hurry, Max!
CONTROL, this is the Chief.
I want to order a blue emergency alert immediately.
Oh!
Hurry, Max!
- 99, they've locked us in!
- Oh, Max, do something!
Stand back, 99.
- Oh!
- It's no good, 99.
Somebody must've put something up against the door.
Max, your foot!
- All right, we are here.
- Now, let me in on the gag.
Is this a surprise party or something?
We had you blindfolded so you would not see where you were being taken.
Oh, I wouldn't have known anyway.
I'm a stranger in town.
Oh, what a lovely place you have here.
Madam, you don't seem to realize it, but you have been kidnapped.
Me, kidnapped?
Now I know you have me mixed up with somebody else.
- I haven't got any money.
- We want the formula.
What formula?
The formula given to you by your husband in Greece.
Greece?
Oh, now I know who you have me mixed up with-- Jacqueline Kennedy.
You know, you're not the first.
Well, now that we know it's all a big mistake, if you'll just call me a cab, I'll be on my way.
Sit down.
We want the formula.
Look, it's a long time since my daughter was a baby.
Who remembers the formula?
Is she putting us on?
Madam, you obviously don't realize the serious predicament you are in.
We belong to KAOS.
Really?
My husband was a mason.
Madam, in our business we think nothing of murdering, killing and slaughtering.
Oh, how did you get started in a life like that?
I'll bet you stole a car.
Put her on the rack.
- Is that a real gun?
- Of course it's a real gun.
Well, you shouldn't point that at somebody.
Don't you know if might go off by accident?
If this gun goes off, it won't be by accident.
Now come to the rack.
- Now get on it.
- It's dirty.
- Get on it!
- This is my new dress.
- Get on the rack.
-  Isn't that cute, the way he did that?
What are you doing, you silly man?
For heaven's sake.
Oh, well, is this gonna be like-- my goodness.
Now for the last time, do we get the formula?
I'll tell you what you're gonna get-- a smack in the face and a lawsuit is what you're gonna get.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
That's enough.
Oh, that felt good!
That loosened me up all over.
Have you got a steam room?
My dear lady, if you do not tell us what we wish to know, I will have you torn apart limb from limb until you scream your head off for mercy.
I'll bet you're a Gemini.
Look, gentlemen, I don't know what it is you're looking for, but I think it's only fair to tell you that my son-in-law is a very important man with a greeting card company, and he can get you in a lot of trouble.
His name is Maxwell Smart, and if you think that-- - Maxwell Smart is your son-in-law?
- You heard of him, huh?
And you are not the wife of Dr. Popanikolini?
No, but if he isn't married, I'd like to meet him.
What do you think?
I think we've made a terrible mistake.
That young girl the Chief has been seeing so often-- she must be the wife of the doctor.
Man: Right under our noses she's been feeding him the formula.
Stroheim: Yes, and we must stop her before she can complete it.
What about Smart's mother-in-law?
Get rid of her.
All right, hold it.
Son, we were just talking about you.
- Mother, are you all right?
- Oh, I never felt better.
As soon as I get home, I'm gonna order one of these tables.
All right, put up your hands and turn around slowly.
Come on, turn around!
Now throw that gun over here.
Why are those men fighting with Max?
Oh, uh they're from a rival greeting card company.
I had no idea the competition was so fierce in the greeting card company.
Don't get overheated, son.
Hold it!
All right, hold it!
Get up!
Good work, Larrabee.
All right, let's get 'em out of here, Henderson.
- Come on, 99, let's get out of here.
- Right, Max.
Max, my mother.
Oh, sorry.
Good night, Mom.
- Max!
- Huh?
Aren't you gonna unchain her?
- Max!
- I'm thinking.
Uh, yes.
Okay.
Son, I'm not one to pry, but don't you think you could find something a little safer than the greeting card business?
You mean that the computer dating service was in on this too, Chief?
That's right, Max.
It was all part of the plan.
Dr. Popanikolini was working on a formula for eternal youth.
Eternal youth?
Well, no wonder they wanted the formula.
They'd have given it to their oldest and most experienced agents and made them young again.
We should have known you were on an assignment, Chief.
After all, you're too intelligent to go out with a girl that's young enough to be your daughter.
Well, actually, Gina is somewhat older than she looks.
- She is?
- Gina Popanikolini is 67 years old.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself, going out with an old bag like that!
{END OF EPISODE 19}{START OF EPISODE 20}
Chief: All I asked for was a mustache.
You call that a mustache?
Well, there's a mustache under here someplace, Chief.
Max, all I wanted from you was a nice, thin, normal mustache.
Now you go back down to the makeup department and turn that in.
Right, Chief.
What do you mean, "turn it in"?
I can't turn it in.
This is my hair!
I gave these orders a week ago.
Are you trying to tell me you grew that much hair in a week?
Well, Chief, the CONTROL lab gave me this special salve that I put on my face every night before I went to bed.
And it grew that much hair in only one week?
You should see my pillow.
That's fantastic!
Max uh, will it grow hair on your head too?
Oh.
No, I'm sorry about that, Chief.
- But I'll tell you what you can do.
- What?
You can put the salve on your face, and when the hair grows real long, you can comb it back over your head.
That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
- It is?
- Yes.
Then don't do it.
Max, the assignment I have for you calls for a thin mustache.
Now go down to the CONTROL barber shop and have him shave everything else off.
All right, Chief, but you haven't told me what my assignment is yet.
Well, I can't tell you yet.
The only thing I can tell you is that you're about to embark on a highly-secret mission of such magnitude that the lives of two million people may very well rest in your hands.
Oh.
Well, in that case, Chief, I'd better get a manicure too.
Did you meet the boat?
Yes, Chief.
We were waiting for her when she docked.
- Did everything go smoothly?
- Yes, except for one little detail.
- What's that?
- Well, we met the boat, we got the mummy case, we put it on the truck, and as I was escorting the truck we ran into some heavy traffic.
What happened to the mummy case?
Well, I lost 'em in traffic, and I don't know where they are.
The King of Caronia is in that mummy case.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
That's terrible.
You'd think a king could afford better accommodations than that.
Larrabee, he was being smuggled into the country.
No one was to know he's here.
Don't worry, Chief.
I'm sure we'll locate the truck.
I don't know if we have enough time.
The king was put into that mummy case a half hour before the boat docked.
According to our calculations, there was only enough air in that case to keep him alive for two hours.
Now he only has -  - Oh, Larrabee, get that.
I don't want to talk to anybody unless it's important.
Hello.
Who's calling?
Oh.
Yes, he's here, but he doesn't want to talk to anyone now.
He's busy.
Okay, so you're busy too.
So what do you want from me?
He told me he doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Look, why don't I have him call you back later when he has a free moment?
No, I don't think you should hang on.
We want to keep the line open in case we get an important call.
Who is that?
It's the President of the United States.
Give me that phone!
Good afternoon, sir.
Uh, no, sir, not yet.
It's lost somewhere in traffic in downtown Washington.
We'll let you know as soon as we know anything more.
The king has only five minutes of air left to breathe, and the men driving don't know where our secret headquarters are.
-  - Hello.
Send them right in.
They're here.
Thank heavens.
We don't have a second to spare.
Where do you want it?
Well, just put it down there.
That's fine.
How in the world did you men find us?
We stopped in this gas station and I asked a man if he could tell us how to get to CONTROL headquarters.
- And he knew?
- No, he didn't know.
But there were a couple of kids putting air in their bicycle tires, and, uh, they knew.
- Larrabee, show them out, please.
- Right, Chief.
I'm sorry, Your Royal Highness.
We'll have you out of there in just a moment.
-  - Is this what you had in mind, Chief?
Uh, yes, that's very good, Max.
That's perfect.
Max, if you don't mind, I can't talk right now.
I'm very busy.
Oh, okay, Chief.
Where'd you get the mummy?
It's mine.
I bought it in an antique shop.
Oh, really?
You know, I saw a movie once with Turhan Bey, and he bought this mummy, and this mummy put a curse on him.
- Do you believe in curses, Chief?
- No.
Maybe you don't, but Turhan Bey never worked again.
I'll have you out of there in a minute, Your Royal Highness.
You forgot to give me my assignment.
I'll give it to you tonight.
Just be at the masquerade party at the Caronian Embassy tonight, and I'll explain everything.
Right, Chief.
Your Royal Highness, I'm terribly sorry.
Your Royal Highness.
Hurry up, 99, or we'll be late.
just a minute, Max.
Max, if you have a minute, would you clear the table?
I just did.
Uh, 99, you'd better hurry up or we'll be late.
I'll be down in a minute, Max!
Right.
I'm ready, Max.
My love, your beauty eclipses the brightness of the moon.
Oh, thank you, Max.
You look very dashing yourself.
- You really think so, 99?
- Oh, yes.
I don't know what assignment the Chief had in mind when he had you grow that mustache, but it looks perfect with your costume.
I don't know either, 99, but it certainly presented a problem.
Why?
I didn't know whether to come to the masquerade as D'Artagnan, Dickie Smothers, or Anna Magnani.
- Well, you made the perfect, choice.
- Hmm, yes.
I didn't pick the costume, 99.
The Chief picked it.
I wonder why the ball's being held at the Caronian Embassy.
I don't know, but we'd better hurry or we'll be late.
Come, my love.
Your royal carriage waits without.
Oh, Max, sometimes when you talk like that you sound so much like King Charles of Caronia, I think you must be him.
Yes, well, when I'm with you, my dear, I feel like a king.
Well, Your Majesty, haven't you forgotten something?
"Forgotten something"?
What have I forgotten?
To take out the garbage.
- Sorry about that, 99.
- Oh, that's all right, Max.
I'll go into the powder room and fix it.
Wait for me here.
Did I take too long, Max?
Ah, my darling, a moment away from you is like an eternity.
Max, when you play a part, you really go all out.
Well, come, my dear, let us join the others and dance.
It will give me a chance to hold you in my arms.
You should never get out of this costume, Max.
Colonel Von Klaus!
Smart, I regret that we have to meet again like this.
What happened?
And why are we talking in front of this dirty kid?
- Max, it's me.
- Oh, it's you, Chief.
I thought it was Tiny Tim.
Max, because of security, we couldn't tell you earlier what was going to happen.
King Charles of Caronia is here in Washington on a very crucial mission.
Mr. Smart, I have something very important to show you.
King Charles wants to secure a very large loan from your country to keep the army of Caronia strong, and so for security, he's turning over this.
- What is it?
- The royal diamond scepter.
This is a mission the king's enemies will do anything to stop.
"The king's enemies"?
I thought I got rid of Basil when I was in Caronia.
I did get rid of Basil, didn't I?
Yes, but not Basil's aide-- someone far more treacherous and deadly.
- Basil's wife?
- No, Rupert of Rathskeller.
Of course.
Rotten ruthless Rupert of Rathskeller.
He's a handsome devil, a dazzling swordsman, and the women of Caronia find him irresistible.
- How do the men find him?
- He's in the phone book.
We believe that Rupert is here and will try to stop the loan by stealing the scepter.
He'll then take over the Caronian army and kill King Charles.
So once again because of your remarkable resemblance to King Charles, we ask your help.
I see.
In other words, what you're asking me to do is to impersonate the king again, act as a decoy in case anyone wants to kill him.
- Is that correct?
- Exactly.
We want King Charles to stay at your apartment.
We've given him an exact replica of your wardrobe so that when people see him, they'll think he's you.
- Does 99 know?
- Not yet.
This masquerade ball is the perfect time to make the switch.
- We must do nothing to jeopardize it.
- I see.
Well, then I presume that King Charles will reveal his true identity to 99 when they get to the apartment.
Up until then, of course, she'll think she's with me.
Is that correct?
Max, I think she'll find out when she discovers the man she's dancing with is charming, sophisticated and a good dancer.
Of course.
Well, to tell you the truth, I don't think that's such a good idea.
After all, we don't live in a palace.
We just live in a little apartment.
His Majesty will love it.
It'll give him a chance to relax, take off his crown and be like an ordinary person.
Well, it's all right with me if it's okay with 99.
But I think I should go out there and check.
No, Max.
They have to finish out the evening together and return home together.
We must arouse no suspicions of any kind.
You see, King Charles has been well informed on the domestic background of Mr. And Mrs. 86.
And he still wants to stay with us?
As far as your neighbors are concerned, they'll think he's you.
Good.
Then he can take out the garbage.
Max!
Max, you're to wait here until King Charles and 99 arrive at the apartment.
Then you can go home and explain everything to 99.
Now, we'd better get back to the party.
In the meantime, guard this with your life until we return.
Good evening, Your Majesty.
Ah, what good, good fortune to find you here, and alone.
Oh, you must excuse this untimely intrusion, but you see, no one was thoughtful enough to send me an invitation.
Ah, but then we Rathskellers were never much on formality, were we?
Ah, Rupert.
Of course, my good friend Rupert.
How good of you to come.
You're such a charming and handsome fellow, I'm sure the ladies will be delighted to see you.
Uh, come, come.
Let us not keep them waiting.
- But first, the scepter.
- The scepter?
What scepter?
- The scepter behind your back.
- Oh.
That scepter.
Hand it over.
Forget it!
There's only one way you can take the scepter out of this room, my friend.
That's the way.
Now if you would be so kind as to step aside, Your Majesty.
Very clever, Your Majesty.
The old sever-the-cord- on-the-lamp trick.
Come, come, Your Majesty.
All the doors and windows are locked, and only I know a way out.
I'm going to fix myself a cup of coffee, Maxwell.
Would you care for a cup?
No, thanks, Your Highness.
Oh, I'm going to bed now, love.
Good night.
Good night.
I'm over here.
That's King Charles.
Oh, Your Highness, I'm terribly sorry.
That's quite all right, my dear.
-  -  Oh, Max, I'm sorry, but you two look so much alike.
Well, that's it, 99.
That is it.
I am making a new ruling around here.
There will be no more kissing-- absolutely no more kissing-- until this assignment is over and King Charles goes back to Caronia.
But, Max, he might be here for another week!
Well, I'm sorry, 99, but that's the way it's got to be.
Do you mean to say you could go a whole week without kissing me?
Why not?
I've gone the whole night, haven't I?
Okay.
Night, Max.
Good night.
- Who is it?
- Max, it's me, the Chief.
Let me in.
- Oh, hi, Chief.
- Hi, Max.
I just got your message that you wanted to see me immediately.
Yes you just got my message now?
I phoned that message in to the Caronian Embassy over three hours ago.
Max, the man who took the message doesn't understand English.
Well, that's why I gave him the message in Caronian.
- You don't speak Caronian.
- But he didn't know that.
Max, it's late.
What is it you wanted to see me about?
You know, after you and Colonel Von Klaus left me in the embassy room, I had a visit from Rupert of Rathskeller.
- Max, he didn't get the scepter?
- No.
I managed to escape and bring it back here.
Thank heavens.
You'd better give me the scepter and let me take it to headquarters for safekeeping.
Right, Chief.
- Uh - What's the matter?
"What's the matter"?
Yes, well, you're not gonna like this, Chief, but I forgot where I hid the scepter.
- What?
- Yes, well, you see, Chief, when I came home I had the scepter in my hand, and I was looking for a good place to hide it.
Then I looked around and there was the king and 99 kissing in the doorway.
And I got so upset that I just-- I just forgot where I hid the scepter.
All right, Max.
Don't panic.
Let's reconstruct the entire thing from when you came home.
- That's a good idea, Chief.
- You go out and come in like you did.
What's the first thing you did when you came in the door?
- I tripped over the rug.
- You don't have to do that this time.
- Just come in.
- Right, Chief.
What'd you do next?
Next I went into the kitchen and fixed a cup of coffee.
- Do it.
- Right, Chief.
How can you fix coffee that fast?
It's instant coffee, my friend.
I'm sorry, Your Highness, I thought you were Max.
No, Maxwell is in the kitchen.
Is there anything wrong, Chief?
Oh, no, Your Highness, everything's fine.
- Then I bid you a fond good night.
- Good night, Your Highness.
It's no good, Chief.
I can't remember whether I left the scepter on the counter in the kitchen or brought it back in here.
If I only had something that was the size of the scepter that I could hold in my hand, then maybe I could remember.
What about a broomstick?
Do you have a broom?
- Yes, in the closet.
- Go get it.
All righty.
Now I'll just break this.
There you are.
That's just about the size of the scepter.
Mmm, that's good, Chief.
That's just about right.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Now I remember.
Now I remember I came out of the kitchen, and I looked across and I saw that the window was open.
I said to myself, "What is the window doing open"?
I know I didn't open the window, Chief.
So I said, "If I didn't open the window, somebody else did.
I'd better close it".
So I came over here.
Now the window was open.
- Open it up.
Close it like you did.
- Right.
Oops.
You didn't drop the scepter in the street?
Uh, no, I dropped the broomstick in the street, Chief.
Are you sure you didn't drop the scepter in the street?
I'm positive I didn't drop the scepter, because I remember when I turned around and looked, there was the king and 99 standing in the doorway, and I had the scepter in my hand.
- All right, what did you do next?
- Uh, next, yes.
Uh, next, uh let's see, Chief.
I remember-- I came out, I think I went to the bar.
No.
No, I didn't go to the bar, because I said to myself, "No, tonight I'm not gonna have a drink because things are too upset".
So then I went upstairs to the, uh, uh-- No, I didn't do that either.
I just can't remember without the broomstick, Chief.
Well, all right.
I'll break off another piece.
Let me have the broom.
- Huh?
- The broom.
Let me have it.
- Oh.
Where is it?
- Well, I gave it to you, Max.
No, no, no, Chief.
I gave it to you.
You had it.
No, Max, you had the broom.
I distinctly remember you having the broomstick, Chief.
Max, I took the broom, I broke off a piece, I gave you a piece, and I gave you back the broom!
No, Chief, you took the broom, you broke off a piece, you handed me a piece and you kept the broomstick!
Max, don't panic.
Let's reconstruct everything that we did.
Oh, shall I bring King Charles back down, Chief?
- No, let's do this ourselves.
- Oh, good.
- Now you went to the broom closet.
- Right.
I went to the closet, opened it up, reached in, handed you the broom.
Right, and I broke off a piece, and I handed you a piece of the broom.
Right, Chief.
Uh, and then what happened?
- Well, I don't know.
What happened?
- Uh I don't know, Chief.
I can't remember without the broomstick.
If I only had something that felt like the broomstick, then maybe I could remember.
The umbrella-- we'll use the umbrella for the broomstick.
All right, Max, let's not panic.
Let's reconstruct every move we made from the moment I handed you the umbrella.
Right, Chief.
And that'll lead us to the umbrella.
Once we find the umbrella, that will lead us to the broomstick.
And once we find the broomstick, that will lead us to the, uh-- to the uh, uh-- - What are we looking for, Chief?
- The scepter, Max!
- Right, the scepter.
- Now, I handed you the umbrella.
Right, Chief.
And then I dropped it on the floor.
- Right.
- Then we both reached to pick it up.
-  - That part I remember very well.
What did you do after you picked up the umbrella, Chief?
I didn't do anything, Max, because I didn't pick up the umbrella.
- You picked up the umbrella!
- Now wait a minute, Chief.
I distinctly remember you picking up that umbrella from the floor.
All right, Max, let's not panic.
Let's take it all from the top again.
- I walked over to the umbrella stand.
- Right.
I reached in, and I took out the umbrella.
Then I walked over to-- Max, it's the scepter.
The scepter!
It's been in the umbrella stand all along!
-  - Of course.
Now I remember, Chief.
I heard something at the door, so I slipped behind the door to see who it was.
Then when the door opened up and I saw the king and 99 kissing, I got so nervous and excited that I let the scepter slip from my hand, and it dropped into the umbrella stand.
And that is exactly where it's going to remain.
In the umbrella stand?
Yes.
If you and I couldn't find it in there, Rupert never will.
- Hmm, maybe you're right, Chief.
-  Well, all's well that ends well.
Yes, well, that's easy for you to say, but I'm out an umbrella and a broom.
Well, I'm sure you'll find them.
Now you said I could borrow your car to get home.
That's right.
It's parked right in front of the building.
- Let me have the keys, please.
- Huh?
- The keys-- let me have them.
- I gave you the keys, Chief.
No, you didn't.
You didn't give me the keys.
Oh, yes, I did.
When you said, "Could I borrow the car"?
that's when I gave you the keys.
You did not give me the keys.
Chief, I distinctly remember when you asked to borrow the car, I reached into the pocket of my robe and handed you the keys.
Max, you did not hand me the car keys!
Oh, let's not panic, Chief!
All right, get started.
Hello, Rupert?
King Charles is staying with Maxwell Smart.
We're right outside the door.
I've already sent in the silent visitor.
In a matter of moments, every human being in that apartment will be dead.
{END OF EPISODE 20}{START OF EPISODE 21}
Chief: In our previous episode, King Charles of Caronia was smuggled into the United States inside a mummy case.
Meanwhile, Maxwell Smart was ordered to grow a mustache for a secret assignment.
You were instructed to grow a mustache.
You call that a mustache?
There's a mustache under here someplace, Chief.
Chief: That night at the Caronian Embassy, Smart and 99, as ordered, attended a masquerade ball -  -  unaware that a switch was to be made.
So once again, because of your remarkable resemblance to King Charles, we ask your help.
Chief: Ordered to guard the Caronian Royal Scepter with his life, Smart found himself face to face with King Charles's mortal enemy, Rupert of Rathskeller.
Having to hide King Charles in the Smart apartment presented obvious difficulties.
I'm over here.
That's King Charles.
You're not gonna like this Chief, but I forgot where I hid the scepter.
What?
That is exactly where it's going to remain.
- In the umbrella stand?
- Yes.
If you and I couldn't find it in there, Rupert never will.
All right, get started.
Chief: While Smart relaxed with the belief that King Charles was safe in his apartment, KAOS had its typically ingenious method of getting someone inside-- someone who could kill the king.
KAOS agent: Hello, Rupert.
King Charles is staying with Maxwell Smart.
I've already sent in the silent visitor.
In a matter of moments, every human being in that apartment will be dead.
Chief: KAOS's silent visitor-- a giant deadly tarantula.
Max, don't you think you ought to come to bed?
Max, what's that on your shoulder?
Don't make any sudden moves, 99.
It's a deadly tarantula.
Max!
Now do exactly as I tell you.
Go to your purse and get out a mirror.
I got it, Max.
Now what?
Now come over here very slowly and don't do anything to startle the tarantula.
Now hold the mirror up so he can see himself.
-What good will that do?
- He may think it's another tarantula and be attracted by it.
Okay.
He sees it, Max.
Good.
Now, now-- now pull the mirror back slowly.
It's working, Max!
Good, now lay the mirror down.
He's crawling onto it, Max.
Now, quick!
Go in the kitchen and get me a jar.
Right.
Here, Max.
I wanted an empty jar, 99.
Well, Max, I didn't know what you wanted it for.
- Well, what was in there?
- Horseradish.
Horseradish.
Killed him instantly.
Max, Rupert must know that we're keeping King Charles here.
Why do you say that, 99?
Well, he must know.
Someone put that tarantula in our apartment.
Don't be ridiculous.
The window was open and the tarantula came in by itself.
Well, I certainly hope you're right, Max.
But I never heard of a tarantula in this part of the country.
I say, what's going on down there?
Oh, nothing, Your Highness.
Everything is just fine.
What is that terrible smell?
Uh, horseradish.
Horseradish?
Smells more like a tarantula.
Good morning, angel face.
Good morning, Mrs. Smart.
But I'm afraid you've made a mistake.
I'm not angel face, I'm Charles.
- Oh.
- I'm angel face.
I'm terribly sorry.
Excuse me.
Well, that's just great, 99, you did it again.
- Oh, Max I thought-- - I know what you thought.
- You thought it was me, right?
- Right.
How was it?
- How was what?
- His kiss.
Well, it was just another kiss.
- Oh, really.
- Mm-hmm.
I didn't take any notice of it.
Max, I think you're jealous.
Jealous, are you kidding?
I don't have a jealous bone in my whole body.
- Were they soft?
- Were what soft?
- His lips.
- Oh, Max, this is silly.
All right, 99, if you say it didn't mean anything to you, okay, it didn't mean anything to you.
We'll forget about the whole thing.
I'll never mention it again.
I'll never bring it up again.
We'll let bygones be bygones.
But just look me in the eye and tell me that it meant absolutely nothing to you.
It meant absolutely nothing to me.
I don't believe you.
Max, there's got to be some way that I can tell you and the king apart.
I know, your wedding band.
He is not married so he doesn't wear one.
That's how I'll tell you apart, okay?
Okay.
And listen, I'm sorry about the way I acted, 99.
I won't be jealous anymore.
Oh, that's all right, Max.
Where are you going?
I'm going to ask the king if he wants some coffee.
I'll go with you.
Where's the king?
He went down to the embassy.
He'll be back in a little while.
Max, it's almost noon.
Aren't you gong down to headquarters?
Well, I thought I'd go in a little late today.
- Oh, how late?
- Like tomorrow morning.
Max, you know it isn't really necessary for you to stay here all day.
I can take care of the king when he comes back.
to get rid of me?
Of course I'm not, Max.
I'm just saying that it isn't necessary for you to stay here all day.
Well, all right, I'll go down to headquarters.
- I'll see you later, 99.
- Okay, Max.
He'll be back later.
Max, there's no need for you to stay here.
I can take care of King Charles when he comes back.
Oh, you forgot your key, Max.
Max?
I'm sorry, my dear, but you've made a mistake.
It is I, King Charles.
Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness, I just didn't expect you back so soon.
Well, it didn't take as long as I expected.
Oh, I see.
Well, if you'll excuse me, I'm just finishing the dishes.
Oh, good, I'll help you.
That's very sweet of you, but it really isn't necessary, Your Highness.
Don't call me "Your Highness".
Call me Charles.
Charles.
Max just left for headquarters.
He was a little late today.
Yes, I know.
I just passed him in the hall, and I'm glad because it gives us a chance to be alone and get better acquainted.
Uh, well, why don't we wait until Max gets back.
Then the three of us can get acquainted together.
You know, my dear, I'm extremely fond of your husband, but to tell you the truth I think you could have done far, far better.
Your Highness!
You may be our guest and you may be a king, but I really resent what-- -  - Excuse me.
- Hello.
- Von Klaus: Hello, Mrs. Smart.
This is Colonel Von Klaus.
Oh, would you like to speak to King Charles?
No, no, King Charles is right here with me.
- He is?
- Von Klaus: Of course.
He's in with the ambassador signing some very important papers.
I see.
Von Klaus: Your Majesty wanted me to let you know not to wait dinner for him as he'll be quite late.
Well, thank you very much for calling, Colonel Von Klaus.
Goodbye.
Is something wrong, my dear?
Huh-uh.
That was just the cleaner calling to say that a truck broke down.
They won't be able to make the delivery.
Now-- now where were we?
Well, I was just about to suggest that we open a bottle of champagne.
Ah, yes, champagne.
Champagne?
Yes, of course, my dear.
Champagne, what a splendid suggestion.
Well, not nearly as exciting as your suggestion.
Which suggestion was that?
That we get to know each other better.
No, no, my dear, this is all wrong.
I mean, after all, Maxwell is my friend.
He has been kind enough to offer me his home, his hospitality.
Just consider it a package deal.
Uh yes.
Well, tell me about Maxwell.
He must be a very interesting fellow to live with.
Well, I wouldn't say interesting was exactly the word.
Not interesting, yes.
Well, he must be very exciting then.
Well, I don't think exciting is quite the word.
Romantic?
Romantic definitely isn't the word.
I'd say, um routine would be a good word.
Routine?
Maxwell doesn't seem routine to me at all.
Well, that's because you're not married to him.
You know it is just amazing.
You and Max look exactly alike, and yet you are two such entirely different personalities.
Yes, well, Maxwell has many good qualities, my dear.
He is dependable, he is loyal, he's faithful.
Kiss me.
He's finished.
No no, my dear, this is all wrong.
I-- I-- What Max doesn't know won't hurt him.
Now, I'm going to go upstairs and slip into something a little bit more comfortable.
You bring up the champagne and the glasses, okay?
Ah, Maxwell, my friend.
- How are you?
- Terrible.
The scepter.
Don't tell me someone has stolen the scepter.
No, no, the scepter is safely hidden.
This is something personal.
I can't talk about it.
My wife has been unfaithful to me.
Good heavens!
With whom?
With me.
With you?
I don't think I understand.
To think I broke up my own marriage.
I'm afraid you talk in riddles, my friend.
By the way, would you tell Mrs. Smart to ignore Colonel Von Klaus's phone call?
I will be dining with you this evening.
We're practically newlyweds, and the first king who comes alo-- Colonel Von Klaus called?
When?
This afternoon when I was with him at the embassy.
Well, then she knew about it all the time.
I beg your pardon?
Well, now it's my turn to play a little joke on her.
Excuse me, Your Highness.
Where's the champagne?
In the refrigerator where it always is.
That is, if there's any left.
King Charles is sitting downstairs and he just polished off a whole bottle.
- King Charles?
- Yes, and he sure looked happy, 99.
You know, it makes me happy to see my friends happy.
Max, there's something that I don't understand though.
Colonel Von Klaus called just a little while ago and he said that King Charles was with him at embassy.
Well, that was just a ruse, 99.
You see, we thought that the wire might be tapped, so I went over to the embassy and picked up the papers that King Charles was supposed to sign.
I brought them home.
He has them now.
Oh.
And you just came back right now, hmm?
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, no.
What's the matter, 99?
Is something wrong?
Oh, Max, there's something that I've got to tell you.
But before I say it, I just want you to know that I love you more than anything in the world.
Oh, Max.
I have a confession to make.
Wait a minute, 99.
- I know what you're gonna say.
- You do?
Yes, and you don't have to say it.
You see, that-- that was me down there on the couch with you.
I-- I was playing a little joke on you.
I don't know why.
I guess I was just jealous.
Oh, Max.
-  What was that?
- King Charles.
Max, King Charles is gone.
"We have the king.
Bring the scepter to the embassy room, place it on desk, then leave.
Come alone or the king dies-- Rupert".
Where would Rupert have taken him?
The embassy room.
The embassy room.
Wait a minute, 99.
How did Rupert get into that room at the embassy last night?
What are you talking about, Max?
Well, he couldn't have come through the door because I was facing that way and I would have seen him.
He couldn't have come through the window, because when I went out the window I noticed it was locked.
Which means that there has to be a secret passage in there.
a half hour's head start.
You call the Chief, Colonel Von Klaus and tell them to meet me at the embassy.
Max be careful.
I will.
-  -  I won the pig.
I don't have a pig.
You got change of a horse?
What was that?
Probably just a rat.
Meow.
If that was a rat, he's pretty confused.
Hold it!
Bravo!
Excellent, Mr. Smart.
One false move, Rupert, and I run him through.
Be my guest.
Now go get the boat ready, dummy.
Now, Mr. Smart, if you will step this way.
Drop the sword please, Mr. Smart.
Thank you.
What have you done to the king?
Oh, he has been drugged.
What have you done with the scepter?
It's in the embassy room as you requested.
Well, then there is no further need for me to keep you or King Charles alive any longer.
Otto, open the pit.
Smart.
And now I'm going to throw you and King Charles both into the pit where your likenesses will be preserved permanently in bronze.
Couldn't you just do our baby shoes?
Otto, start mixing.
Wait a minute, Rupert.
The scepter is in the embassy room, but it's carefully hidden.
Otto, stop mixing.
Where is it hidden, Mr. Smart?
I refuse to say.
Otto, start mixing.
Hold it a second, Rupert.
I have a proposition to make.
Otto, stop mixing.
What's the proposition?
You release the king, set us both free, we'll take the scepter and turn you over to the police.
What kind of proposition is that?
Otto, start mixing.
Smart, you will go first.
A moment, Rupert, one last offer.
Have the scepter for a match.
I'll get it.
Well, good help is hard to find.
Why are you always running away, Mr. Smart?
Why don't you stand and fight?
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
Sabatini.
Oh, the king.
You want to release the king.
- You look pained, Rupert.
- You're standing on my foot.
Mr. Smart, I suspect we have company.
- Your friends, no doubt.
- No doubt.
Well, then I must bid you adieu.
Stand and fight!
Ah, Mr. Smart he who retreats from battle today, lives to continue the war tomorrow.
That is Kipling.
Your Majesty, are you all right?
Yes, and I owe my life to Maxwell Smart.
Mr. Smart, if there's anything I can do for you all you have to do is ask.
Well, there is one slight favor, Your Majesty.
Name it, my friend.
The next time you come to America, would you mind staying at a hotel?
Would you?
{END OF EPISODE 21}{START OF EPISODE 22}
This is Maxwell Smart calling CONTROL.
- Put me through to the Chief.
-  I'll get it.
This is the Chief, Max.
Go ahead.
Gesundheit.
I didn't sneeze, Max, I coughed.
Where are you?
Well, I just swung off the main highway about 10 minutes ago.
I'm approximately three miles from a place called Hotchkiss Corners.
Good, Max.
Now--  - Gesundheit.
- I'm not sneezing, Max.
I'm coughing.
According to our tip, KAOS will attempt to hijack your truck somewhere in the next two miles.
Don't worry, Chief, I'll be ready for them.
Remember, Max, KAOS has already hijacked three of these trucks filled with electronic equipment and-- Gesundheit.
I'm not sneezing, Max.
I'm coughing.
Now in order to find out what KAOS is up to with this equipment, we must take a prisoner for interrogation.
Got you, Chief.
Max, we're on a side road parallel to yours.
As soon as you signal us, we'll close in.
That was a sneeze, Max.
Oh, that's funny, Chief.
Sounded just like a cough.
You're not catching cold, are you?
No, Max.
Oh.
Well, if you are, there's something you oughta take.
- What's that?
- Steam.
Good luck, Max.
Larrabee, notify all units to stand by.
Gesundheit, Chief.
Larrabee calling all units.
I'm sorry, but my motor died and I don't know anything about cars.
Could you please take a look at it?
Okay.
Sure was lucky for me that you came along.
How come you use this road?
Not too many people know about it.
The guy at the service station on the highway told me this was a shortcut.
I sure appreciate your help.
Oh, here's the latch.
Sorry.
It's quite all right.
Now, let's see what we've got here.
Well, of course.
There's your trouble.
Somebody disconnected your distributor cap.
- Really?
- Sure.
This should be connected-- -  - The guy at the service station must have loosened that when he checked the engine.
Can you fix it?
Eh, yes, I think so.
Eh, look, if you don't mind, I can't work with somebody looking over my shoulder like that.
I'm sorry.
I'll-- I'll wait over here.
It's okay now.
Thanks a lot, Mac.
I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come along.
That's all right.
Uh, I got grease all over my hands.
I don't wanna get your gloves dirty.
Now listen, all you have to do is to let it idle for a few minutes and then you can drive off.
Right.
Well, uh, thanks again.
This is Maxwell Smart calling CONTROL.
- Put me through to the Chief.
-  - Go ahead, Max.
- Uh, Chief, for a moment, it looked like I had contacted the hijacker, but it turned out to be a guy whose car broke down.
Max, are you sure it wasn't some kind of a trick?
I'm positive, Chief.
If it was the hijacker, he would have stolen the truck and I wouldn't be sitting here now.
I guess you're right, Max.
Keep your eyes open.
Humph.
Right, Chief.
Look at that list, Max.
That truck contained electronic equipment vital to the United States.
I know that, Chief.
Do you know the trouble I'll be in when I explain to the president that the truck was hijacked while you were driving it?
!
Why don't you tell him one of the regular drivers was driving it?
And be in trouble with the Teamsters Union?
I'd rather be in trouble with the president.
At least Max got a good look at the hijacker, Chief.
That oughta help some.
You're right, 99.
Max, can you give us an accurate description of that man?
I'll never forget him as long as I live, Chief.
How tall was he?
Mmm, let's see, uh - Make that 10".
- Suspect under six feet.
- Or over.
- What color were his eyes?
That was hard to tell, Chief.
He was wearing dark glasses.
- What about his hair?
- He was wearing a hat.
- Did he have any noticeable scars?
- He was wearing a suit.
- I mean on his hands or neck.
- He was wearing a scarf and gloves.
Did you notice anything about him at all?
!
He was a very snappy dresser.
Larrabee, bring in the files on all KAOS agents.
No.
Nope.
No.
- And that's not him either.
- Well, that's it.
- What about this file, Chief?
- No, Max, he wouldn't be in that file.
- You never can tell.
- It's impossible for him to be-- Wait a minute, Chief.
That's him!
- Impossible!
- Why?
Isn't he a KAOS agent?
Well, yes, but-- Then give me one good reason why it couldn't be him.
Because that man is dead!
I asked you for a good reason, not a terrific one.
Gentlemen, you say this is government business?
The security and the future of the entire world may depend on it.
Besides that, it's important.
I'll get the reports on these four men from the files.
Excuse me.
I don't understand, Chief.
I thought we were checking out the man who hijacked Max's truck.
We are, 99.
What about the other three names on the list?
They're the men who hijacked the other three electronic trucks.
Why are we checking them out out of the morgue, Chief?
I talked to the drivers of the other three trucks and got the descriptions of the KAOS agents who hijacked them.
- Don't tell me they were dead too.
- They were dead too.
I asked you not to tell me that.
All four of them were killed two months ago during an attempted robbery at Fort Knox.
Wait a minute, Chief.
I read about that case in the papers.
Three guys went into Fort Knox and they got 600 lbs of gold bars, put them in a sack, dropped them from the roof to a guy who was waiting on the ground below.
That's right, Max.
Then all three guys on the roof were shot down.
How did the fourth man die, Max?
He caught the sack.
But, Chief, if all those men are dead, how could they possibly have hijacked those trucks?
Unless I'm wrong, 99, and I certainly hope I am, KAOS has found a way of bringing their dead agents back to life again.
But if they can do that, it will be virtually impossible to wipe out KAOS.
Yes, but on the other hand, 99, if we can find out how they do it, it will be a boon to medical science.
And my cousin Harvey.
Your cousin Harvey?
He's a cab driver.
Max, how could a cab driver possibly benefit from bringing people back to life again?
Harvey is a terrible driver.
Here you are, sir.
If you'll excuse me, I have some work to attend to.
Thank you.
You've been most helpful.
Excuse me, but I've always been curious-- what makes a person wanna work in morgue?
I like a job where you meet people.
Just as I suspected-- all four bodies were claimed within one hour after they were brought in.
Do you know who claimed the bodies, Chief?
- They were all claimed by one person.
- 99: Who is that, Chief?
Dr. Eric Zharko.
Dr. Zharko?
KAOS's mad scientist?
!
But, Chief, that's not possible.
He was arrested by the Transylvania Highway Patrol over a year ago and executed.
Well, that's probably when he decided to experiment with bringing people back to life.
While he was dead?
He probably had a lot of time on his hands.
Zharko has been working on this theory all his life.
His getting captured and executed was a supreme test.
Obviously, he succeeded.
Chief?
Zharko once had a secret laboratory hidden in a cave on a small island just off the coast of Newfoundland.
He must be working out of there.
And you want 99 and me to find it?
No, I want Harry Schwartz and his tailor to find him.
Harry Schwartz and his tailor?
- Chief, don't you think 99 and I-- - Max, come on!
You leave immediately.
Zharko must be stopped.
Zharko, this is Obler.
Two more bodies are on their way to you.
However, these will not arrive in coffins.
They'll be walking in.
Come on, 99, hurry up!
If I knew you were gonna tire so easily and be this slow, I wouldn't have brought you along with me.
Don't ever do that.
How did you get over there?
Well, you were walking so slowly, I thought I'd scout up ahead.
Any sign of Dr. Zharko's laboratory?
No, not a sign of it, Max.
We've been over every inch of this cave.
- Maybe the Chief was wrong.
- No, 99, I'm convinced that Dr. Zharko's laboratory is in this cave, and I think it's in that direction over there.
But, Max, we've been in that direction-- it's a dead end.
sense of direction, and I'm telling you that we haven't tried that direction before.
- Here!
- Aren't you gonna use the torch?
I don't need a torch, 99.
I also have an uncanny sense of seeing in the dark.
-  -  Follow me.
You rang, master?
Yes, Bruce, our guests have arrived.
Throw the switch.
Yes, master, the switch.
And pick up your feet when you walk.
Max.
Max, it's getting awfully late.
You're right, 99.
We'll go back to the village and search the caves the first thing in the morning.
Right.
- 99, we're trapped.
- But, Max, who would trap us?
No one even knows we are here.
- We can be thankful for one thing, 99.
- What's that?
Whoever captured us has a terrific sense of humor.
So, Mr. Smart, we meet again.
We've never met before.
No?
I thought we had.
Must have been your brother.
I don't have a brother.
Would you like me to make you one?
Uh, no, don't bother.
Oh, it's no bother at all.
I have everything I need right here.
So that's why KAOS has been hijacking all of those trucks!
Yes, to supply me with the electronic equipment I need to continue my experiments.
Then it's true-- you really can bring people back from the dead.
Yes, as long as I receive the bodies before rigor mortis sets in.
Well, that lets Ed Sullivan out.
By feeding small charges of electricity into the body, we reactivate the body functions.
When they're recharged, we continue feeding electricity into the body until it signals that it's ready to resume normal living.
- Is he dead?
- At the moment, yes.
One month ago this KAOS agent was ruthlessly murdered in cold blood.
- By who?
- Me.
I was running short of subjects for my experimentation.
That is why I was delighted to know you two were coming along.
How did you know we were coming?
- Obler?
!
- Obler.
- Obler!
- Who?
!
The morgue attendant Obler, Max.
Of course, the morgue attendant Obler Max.
Well, now that you have us in your power, just what do you intend to do with us?
You are going to be the guinea pigs for my new experiment.
What experiment is that?
Now that I have succeeded in bringing the dead back to life, I wish to be able to place the living in a state of suspended animation until I decide for them to live again.
You mean you're going to put them in storage?
!
Precisely.
You can't do that!
Why not?
I have room in the back.
You're crazy, Zharko!
Now wait a minute, 99.
If he's got a lot of room in the back-- Max, he's mad!
Mad?
!
Mad, am I?
You say I'm mad?
-  - Don't do that!
Do what?
Master, master.
The storm-- - it's starting.
- Excellent!
The lightning will give me the additional electricity I need.
- Bruce, prepare for the experiment.
- Yes, master.
-  - What are you gonna do to us?
I'm going to run enough electricity through your bodies to put you in a state of suspended animation for five years.
You mean we're gonna be asleep for five years?
!
- Correct.
- Oh.
Do you mind if we slip into something a little more comfortable?
Bruce, strap them to the table!
I go to make ready.
Listen, Bruce, you and I can make a deal-- if you let us go free, I'll see that you get a lot of money.
- I have no use for money.
- Oh.
How about a pair of orthopedic shoes?
-  - Good work, Max.
Hurry, Max, before Zharko gets back.
Now if we can just find our way out of here, 99.
- Which way, Max?
-  - Shh.
-  He's after us, 99.
Take this and get over there by that wall.
Right, Max.
-  - Hold it, Bruce!
Hold it, Bruce!
Look how tall you are!
You're all better.
- Thank you very much.
- You're welcome.
Max, up ahead.
It's another trapdoor, 99.
- Where do you think this one leads?
- I don't care, as long as it doesn't go to Dr. Zharko's lab.
Max, we've made a complete circle!
I do not like to be kept waiting, Mr. Smart.
Now get on the table.
- What?
- I said, "Get on the table".
It's time for beddy-bye.
Oh, well, we're not tired.
You are going to sleep for five years.
But couldn't we stay up and watch television for a little while?
-  Get on the table!
- Okay.
Bruce, where are you, you fool?
The storm is at its peak.
- Yes, master.
- Bruce-- - What's happened to you?
!
- It's the new me!
- How do you like it?
- Wonderful!
- Congratulations!
-  Sorry, Bruce.
Now for my greatest experiment!
Billions of volts of electricity, and it's all in my command!
Where is the extension cord?
Right here, master.
Right.
Connect it.
And now, Mr. and Mrs. Smart, the experiment I waited a lifetime for--   -  - What's the matter?
An attack of rheumatism.
Oh, darn the dampness in this cave.
Well, Dr. Zharko, I guess now you won't be able to continue with your little experiment after all.
Wrong, Mr. Smart!
You see, I have also discovered a cure for rheumatism.
- Bruce!
- Yes, master?
- And now, Bruce, the generator.
- Yes, master, the generator.
Oh, poor Max, How are you going to go to sleep without your teddy bear?
Shh.
The voltage will automatically increase.
Within 10 minutes you will be shocked into a state of suspended animation.
This is a glorious moment, master!
Yes!
A moment that calls for music!
Tonight, Bruce, you shall play with me!
Let me help you!
Max, we'll never break this strap!
I've got an idea, 99.
Lean your head a little closer.
Hurry, Max.
Hurry.
Hurry!
That's it.
-  - Hurry, Max.
Hurry, they're almost finished.
You've almost got it.
-  -  Max, they finished!
One more time!
Hurry, Max.
Look, master!
Keep going, 99.
I'll slow them down.
Stop them!
Look out!
That's nitroglycerine!
If you drop that, it will blow up an area equal to 2,000 megatons of the mass of the non-fissionable materials!
How big an area is that?
About the size of this room.
A farewell gift, gentlemen.
Well, I guess that's the end of Dr. Zharko, Max.
Yes.
If only he had used his genius for niceness instead of evil.
Think of all the great people he could have brought back to life.
Just think, Max-- Jefferson, Lincoln, Schweitzer, Einstein And Schubert-- especially Schubert.
Schubert?
Why Schubert?
He could have finished his symphony.
{END OF EPISODE 22}{START OF EPISODE 23}
Ah, the Gauguin.
Exquisite.
Do we take this one too, Leadside?
Of course.
We're taking the entire Burlington collection.
Check.
Leadside, look at this.
Ah, yes, my dear.
Ming Dynasty.
Wasn't it considerate of the museum to store all these priceless items in the basement for us?
Now handle it carefully.
- Where shall I put this?
- Oh, put it back where you found it.
That is a cuspidor.
That's it, Leadside.
We have the entire Burlington collection.
Let's get out of here.
Oh, you two go and finish loading up the truck.
I'll be along in a minute.
Ah.
Splendid.
We're still ahead of schedule.
Now I shall spend the rest of my life surrounded by a $20-million art collection.
You're going to spend the rest of your life surrounded by a $20-million federal penitentiary, Leadside.
Smart!
What are you doing here?
I received an anonymous phone call that tipped-- that tipped me off that you would be at a place called Yukon Lil's with the heads of all the KAOS departments.
That was me who made the call to throw you off the track.
But Yukon Lil's is on the other side of town.
Why did you come here?
Because it was obviously some sort of code.
You see, when I turned the message upside down, "Lil's" became 717 S. So I went to 717 South Yukon.
But there is no However, there is a 717 North Yukon.
But I knew you couldn't possibly be meeting with the KAOS heads there, because that's the YWCA.
At this point I became terribly confused, so I did what I always do when I become terribly confused.
- And what's that?
- I came to the museum to relax.
That's when I saw your truck pulling around to the back.
Oh, I can't stand any more of this, Smart.
I have four times the intelligence that you have, yet time after time now for the last 10 years you've managed to ruin my most brilliant schemes with your cunning stupidity!
Thank you, Leadside.
You were born under a lucky star, Smart, but this is the last time that you will ever interfere with me again.
- Meaning what?
- Meaning this-- I'm going to take care of you once and for all, in three phases.
Phase one, I shall escape.
Phase two, I shall destroy Control.
And phase three, I shall kill you.
And through it all, you shall be powerless to stop me.
I wouldn't feel too confident about that, Leadside.
First of all, let's take phase three.
You'll find that it will not be that easy to kill me.
Then let's take phase two.
Ah.
No one man is strong enough to destroy Control.
As for phase one, it's virtually impossible to escape from me, especially while I'm covering you with this gun.
Hmm.
One out of three.
That's not bad.
To think we almost had Leadside and he slipped through our fingers again!
I don't understand it, Chief!
How could he disappear right out from under my eyes?
Leadside may be confined to a wheelchair, but he's extremely fast.
He handles that wheelchair like he would a sports car.
Oh.
That must account for the racing stripe down the back of the chair.
Now that Leadside's completed phase one, do you think there's any possibility that he'll complete phase two, the destruction of Control?
Leadside is the most diabolically clever criminal we've ever run across.
He's never yet made a threat that he hasn't carried out.
That's right, Chief.
Like the time he stole the Star of India.
- He stole the Star of India?
- Well, he kidnapped Sabu.
We've got to find out how he plans to destroy Control!
Wait a minute, Chief.
That's it!
I've got it!
Why didn't I think of it before?
I just realized how he plans to destroy Control!
Hello, security?
This is Maxwell Smart.
I want a code 4 alert-- an all-out code 4.
Now I want every avail-- huh?
Maxwell Smart.
Yes, now I want every available-- huh?
S-M-A-R-T.
Smart.
Yes, now, I want every available man to be formed into squads of six and to surround Bert's Delicatessen across the street.
Max, what are you doing?
That's how he plans to destroy Control, Chief!
You see-- look at this.
One bottle of cyanide in a pound of Bert's potato salad and that is the end of Control!
Hang up the phone, Max.
What's the matter, Chief?
Leadside would not use Bert's Delicatessen to wipe out Control!
Oh, Nate 'n' Al's?
He wouldn't use any delicatessen!
It's not ingenious enough!
Hello, security?
Those agents I just asked to surround Bert's Delicatessen-- tell them to pick up three pastrami sandwiches and hold the potato salad.
Right, 44.
Chief, Unit 44 just arrived at the intersections of Highways 31 and 14.
now covered by Unit 44.
Good, 51.
Unit 51 has just reached the intersections of Highways 17 and 64.
Highways 17 and 64 now secured by Unit 51.
Max, pinpoint those positions on the map.
Right, Chief.
I got 'em.
Units 14 and 31 are securing Highways 34, 62 and 45.
No, Max.
That's Unit 44 at Highway 31 and 14, Unit 51-- Now wait a minute, Chief.
I distinctly understood that it was Units 13, that were securing Highways 35, 44 and 99.
No, you're getting 99 confused with the highway numbers.
that Units 44 and 51 have secured Highways 17, Chief, I just got a report on 11, 35 and 88.
I don't have those highways on my map.
They aren't highways, Chief.
They're Control agents.
Oh.
Well, what about them?
They were staked out on Highways 39, 71 and 94.
I got it, Chief.
Units 31, 44 and 55 are staked out on Highways 32, 71 and 84.
Good work, Max!
Or is it Control agents who are staked out on Highways 38, 72 and 54?
-  - Any way you want it, Max.
I'll check.
Larrabee, did you send Unit 16 south on Oakwood and Unit 25 north on Oakwood?
- Yeah, why?
- Oakwood's a one-way street!
Larrabee, contact Unit 22 to go immediately to Oakwood and intercept Units 16 and 25.
Right, Chief.
I'm having a problem here, Chief.
I can't find Highway 99 anywhere.
Forget it, Max.
Just pinpoint Oakwood and move Unit 22 into the center.
Chief, I just heard from Unit 22.
They can't get through on Oakwood.
There's been a terrible automobile accident there.
Is there anybody else you want me to call?
Yes, Larrabee.
Your wife.
Tell her you'll be home early!
Gee, thanks, Chief.
Yes?
Good, 49!
Well, that's it, Chief.
Unit 49 just reached Highway 808.
- Got it, Chief!
- Well, it took over four hours, but we've finally got Washington all sealed off.
Units to the north, south, east and west.
Leadside cannot possibly get out of the city.
- What unit is that?
- Huh?
Oh, that's not a unit, Chief.
- That's just a pin.
- Well, if it's not a unit, it's confusing, Max.
Take it out.
It may be confusing, Chief, but it's very important.
Max, if it's not a unit, it's not important!
Now pull it out!
I told you it was important.
I now have the finest art collection in Washington.
And Baltimore.
We've just passed the state line.
At this very moment, Control has a dragnet out for me.
Little do they realize that we're cruising back and forth under their very noses.
This moving van makes a much better headquarters than that we were driving around in before.
Of course.
We had to make a change.
You can't hang a collection like this in a garbage truck.
Listen, Leadside, since we've crossed the state line, why don't we continue north into Canada?
I have a reputation to maintain, Norman.
When Leadside makes a threat, he carries it out.
Phase two is about to reach fruition.
You don't walk away when you're about to realize a dream.
-  - The thing to remember, my friends, is if you limit your horizons, the world will pass you by.
It was thinking big made me the master criminal that I am today.
Less than four minutes and 30 seconds to go.
Norman, are you sure you carried out my instructions to the letter?
- I did everything you said.
- Splendid.
Then phase two is about to be completed-- the destruction of Control.
There's just one thing that's disturbing me.
- What is that, Leadside?
- We are traveling at approximately 65 miles an hour.
Am I correct?
Norman: Yes.
And we're all here-- you, Norman, Kelley and me?
- So what's disturbing?
- Who's driving the van?
Yes?
Nothing?
Well, keep on it.
- Nothing new yet.
- On what?
- On the dragnet.
- That's my favorite show.
I'm not talking about television, Larrabee.
I'm talking about Leadside and phase two, and how Leadside plans to destroy Control.
It's going to take a superhuman brain to figure this one out, Chief.
a superhuman brain.
All we have to do is put the question to it.
Fire away, Chief.
Ask me any question you want.
Not you, Larrabee.
I'm talking about Control's superhuman brain ARDVARC!
Of course!
ARDVARC!
The Automated Reciprocal Data Verifier and Reaction Computer!
That's how we'll find out what phase two is!
That's right, Chief.
I've already pulled the file on Leadside.
Everything we know about him is punched into these cards.
That's right, Chief.
- You want me to go, Chief?
- That's right, Larrabee.
With this information, ARDVARC ought to be able to tell us just what Leadside is planning.
All right, 99.
Ask ARDVARC the following question-- how does Leadside plan to destroy Control?
I'll switch on the audio response.
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC!
No, no, ARDVARC, you don't seem to understand me.
keyboard isn't working properly.
I'll turn on the audio input.
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC, what do you know about phase two?
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC!
It must be broken, 99.
It just keeps repeating its own name.
We'd better call computer repair, Chief.
The number's in Larrabee's office.
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC!
ARDVARC is not broken.
What we have here is a failure to communicate.
Larrabee, there's something wrong with ARDVARC.
The delicatessen was so crowded I couldn't get all pastrami.
- But I got chopped liver.
- I'm not interested in food right now.
There's something wrong with ARDVARC.
Larrabee, call computer repair.
So soon?
The repairman was just here a couple of hours ago.
That's strange.
The regular service check is on Fridays.
Well, he wasn't a regular serviceman, but his credentials were in order.
- Chief, you don't suppose-- - You're absolutely right, Max!
See that, Larrabee?
I'm absolutely right.
Right-- right-- right about what, Chief?
ARDVARC is the brains of Control.
If anything happened to ARDVARC, Control would be destroyed!
That's it!
ARDVARC is phase two.
- That's what he was trying to tell us.
- Just a moment, gang.
Let's not panic.
The odds against ARDVARC being phase two are a million to one.
Of course, let's not rule out that possibility.
ARDVARC, ARDVARC, are you all right?
I am afraid it is too late.
I am going fast.
Don't try to talk.
Save your strength.
We'll have a computer repairman up here immediately.
I am afraid it is too late.
Isn't there anything we can do, Chief?
I'm afraid not, 99.
Is there anyone you'd like us to notify?
Yes, the cigarette machine in the hall.
ARDVARC, who did this to you?
- Lead-- Lead-- - Go on!
Go on!
Lead-- Leadside!
It's gone, Max.
Do you realize what this means?
Leadside's completed phase one and phase two.
What's to keep him from completing phase three?
Just me, 99.
The only way that Leadside can complete phase three is over my dead body!
Max, I'm not going!
I'm not gonna leave you here alone in this apartment.
We've been all through this before, 99.
I told you it's too dangerous for you to stay here.
Max is right, 99.
Leadside completed phase one and phase two.
The way things are going, he's a cinch to complete phase three.
That's right, 99, he's almost a cinch to complete-- a cinch to complete phase three?
!
Max, you don't have anything to worry about.
I don't?
Well, then who does?
I do.
If Leadside succeeds in getting in here and killing you, do you know how bad I'll look?
Well, at least you'll have some color in your face.
Max, we've taken every precaution.
We've even activated Maximum Security Plan Omega.
Plan Omega?
And you know how long it's been since we've used that plan.
That's right, 99.
My gosh, we haven't used that plan since the day that Omega was murdered!
What does the plan entail, Max?
Huh?
Oh, yes, the plan.
- The whole block is sealed off.
- Check.
Electronic surveillance on every floor.
- Check.
- And Control agents are staked out in that hotel across the street.
Down the street.
Huh?
Down the street?
Why not across the street?
Because those rooms in that hotel across the street rent for $35 a day.
Control can't afford that.
But what if Plan Omega fails and Leadside gets through to the apartment?
Then he'll be in a lot of trouble, 99.
Because we've had every single thing in this apartment booby-trapped, And it's all made operative by this little pen.
The old paper-pal- detonator pen.
That's right, you just press the button on the top of that pen and it activates every device in this room.
Just be careful to be out of the line of fire when you press the button.
- Right, Chief.
- That's about all.
Good luck, Max.
- Come on, 99.
- I hope you'll be all right, Max.
- Don't worry, 99.
- You have nothing to worry about.
- I know that.
- Take good care of yourself.
- I will.
- And don't worry.
- I won't.
- And don't be nervous.
I will.
Will you two stop it?
What is the matter with you?
I'm not nervous, I'm not frightened and I'm not worried.
I'm in complete control of all my faculties.
I know exactly what I'm doing and exactly where I am going.
Bye, darling.
So long, fella.
Hello?
Oh, it's you, Larrabee.
No, the Chief isn't here.
He left about an hour ago.
No, I don't know when he'll be back.
Huh?
A message?
Hold on a minute.
Max!
- Max, what is it?
!
- It's for you.
It's all clear.
We can begin phase three.
Good.
We've been in that closet since early this morning.
Yes, but Leadside was right.
We had to get in there first before Control sealed off the building.
- Who is it?
!
- Kelley: It's your Avalon lady.
Oh, sure it is.
That's the worst impression of a woman's voice I've ever heard, Leadside!
Oh, sorry about that, Avalon lady.
I was expecting a friend.
I'm delivering the cosmetics your wife ordered.
Bring them in, Norman.
Max: That's the second-biggest cosmetics case I ever saw.
Listen.
I'm very busy today.
Couldn't this wait for another time?
I promised your wife I'd bring them today.
I won't be in the area again for another month.
Well, okay, but let's make it snappy.
You know what to do, Norman.
Max: Well, I'll be.
A wheelchair in a cosmetics case.
Now that's re-- Stay right where you are, Mr. Smart.
Okay, that does it.
Just for that, I'm canceling my wife's order.
Shut up, Smart.
Five seconds, Kelley.
Three, two, one.
Leadside, you told me you couldn't walk.
Oh, I can't walk.
But I can run.
But that's impossible.
No, the injury to my spine is a unique one.
As long as I'm moving with any velocity, I'm all right.
But as soon as I stand still or try to walk, I collapse.
Then you're not always confined to a wheelchair.
Most of the day I am, but at night I get out to run my dog.
Well, how did you get through all those Control agents in the building?
Very simple.
They were looking for a man in a wheelchair.
And now, Smart, phase three.
Not so fast, Leadside.
Do you know what's going to happen when I push this button?
Ink will come out, of course.
Humph.
Exactly.
Eh, look, do you mind if I get that pen over there on-- Okay.
No tricks, Mr. Smart.
We have to get down to the business at hand-- phase three.
And just how do you propose to phase-three me, Leadside?
One shot and all those Control agents will come rolling in here like oranges.
Shooting is far too unimaginative for me.
Norman.
En garde!
So you want a duel, eh?
Well, I don't want to take advantage of you, Leadside.
I wouldn't worry about that, Smart.
Norman and I have never lost yet.
Forward!
Back, Norman, back!
Back, back, back, back, back!
Back, back, back, back!
Forward, forward, forward!
Back, back, back, back, Norman!
You surprise me, Smart!
You handle a sword well!
- Forward!
- You're not bad yourself, Leadside.
And you're pretty good too, Norman.
I'm getting tired of this sport, Smart.
I think I'll put an end to it!
that button.
Thank you, Leadside.
I needed that.
Back, Norman!
Back, Norman!
Back, back, back!
Back, back, back, back, back.
- Back-- -  Leadside: Norman!
My mother gave me Norman.
Thanks, Smart.
I needed that.
Now, Smart, to complete phase three!
Kelley!
Charge!
Oh, it's even more beautiful than ARDVARC I. ARDVARC Il: That is a compliment.
Thank you.
Not only is it more beautiful, 99, but it does twice the work.
That's where Leadside made his first big mistake.
Like all our enemies, he underestimated our technological capacity.
And the good old American know-how.
-  - Hello?
Oh, yes, Doctor.
I see.
Well, thank you for calling.
That was the hospital.
They just operated on Leadside.
- Is he out of danger?
- Yes, he's out of danger, But it's going to be a hard road.
- How's that?
- He'll never run again.
{END OF EPISODE 23}{START OF EPISODE 24}
All right, Klineschmidt, come out with your hands up!
Klineschmidt, come out with your hands up!
Maybe if you said please.
Larrabee, that's a notorious KAOS agent up there.
I don't have to be polite to him.
Klineschmidt, this is your last chance!
We're going to open fire!
Come on out, please!
-  Come and get me!
- What?
Come and get me!
You've got two minutes before we open fire!
We're not really gonna open fire, Larrabee.
- We've got to take him alive.
- Maybe three!
Why do we have to take him alive?
Because Kline-- because Klineschmidt is our only link to the missing missile-guidance blueprints.
We've got to take him alive.
Where's Max?
He's trying to get into the house through the back way.
- That's very heroic of him.
- Not really, Chief.
He had to go to the bathroom.
All right, Klineschmidt, this is it!
You've got exactly 15 seconds to come out with your hands up!
- Where's the tear-gas gun?
- It's in the trunk of the car.
- Get it.
- Cover me.
Klineschmidt, you've got 10 seconds!
Larrabee, come on!
Larrabee, we don't have all day!
Get ready to fire through the window.
Not the window of the car, the window of the house!
Oh.
Now when I count 10, you fire.
You got it?
- Gotcha, Chief.
- 10-- What did you do that for?
!
- You said 10.
- Thank goodness it went over the house.
You fire when I say, "Fire".
And aim lower this time.
- Right, Chief.
- 10, nine eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, fire!
Chief, that was a waste of tear gas!
I searched every room in the house!
There's nobody there!
Chief: Max, what about the second story?
What second story?
The one up there.
- Oh, that seco-- -   -  - Who is it?
- It's the Chief, 99.
- Just a minute, Chief.
Hi, Chief.
Where's Max?
something to tell you.
Chief, what happened to Max?
Well, 99, we ran into a little trouble.
We had this KAOS agent trapped and Max-- - What hospital is he in?
- He's not in the hospital.
It was only a flesh wound.
They treated it and released him.
Larrabee's here with him now.
Oh, Max!
Thank heavens you're safe!
- Are you all right?
- I'm fine, 99.
- Where are you wounded?
- Down around -  - South Poplar Street.
Yes, you see, actually, I was wounded in two places, 99-- down around South Poplar Street and in the, uh-- in the, uh-- do you know what happens when you jump into a shallow pool?
- You hit bottom.
- So did the KAOS agent.
Oh, poor Max!
Come over here.
I'll fix you a place to sit down.
Sit down?
I can hardly stand on these crutches.
Larrabee: How about that?
One crutch is shorter than the other.
You're telling me?
When I walk, I limp with a limp.
Chief: Max, those are not normal crutches.
Actually, they're secret weapons.
Here, let me show you.
In the longer crutch, there's a barrel in the leg.
Now, when you squeeze this handle, the bullet comes out here.
Well, I'll be.
What does the shorter crutch do?
Here, let me show you.
When you turn-- Max, are you all right?
I'm okay, Chief.
Could I have my crutch, please?
Oh, sure.
Sorry.
Now, when you turn the handle it ejects a spike.
That's fantastic, Chief!
The CONTROL lab come up with that?
No, the Department of Sanitation.
Now, until you're completely recovered, I want you to stay home and relax.
Don't worry about a thing.
Oh, okay, Chief.
Listen, do I get sick pay?
You would if we'd filed the application.
Why didn't we file the application?
We tried to, Max.
When we got to the space where it asks us to describe the nature of the injury, we didn't know how to word it.
Hi, Max.
How come the door's open?
repairman up here.
This television remote control unit works on everything but the TV set.
Oh, we'll do it right after lunch.
Everyone at CONTROL was asking about you today.
Everybody?
Everybody except Willoughby and Carter.
Willoughby fractured a leg last night.
What about Carter?
It was Carter's leg that Willoughby fractured.
Here are the magazines you wanted.
Sit down and talk to me.
I'm going out of my mind, I'm so crazy with boredom.
- What did you do all morning?
- Same thing I do every morning.
Same thing I've done every morning for the past week-- I sit in this chair, look through my binoculars at that building across the street.
Then I read a magazine.
Then I look through my binoculars at the building across the street.
Then I read another magazine.
And then, when I really get bored, I take the remote control and watch the door open and close.
Well, I've got good news for you, Max.
I hope so, 99, because I'm going out of my mind sitting here.
The doctor says you're much better and he wants you to start doing exercises.
Oh really?
What kind of exercises?
He wants you to play musical chairs twice a day.
Forget it.
See anything interesting in the building across the way?
Same old thing I see every day, 99.
Well, you must know every person in every office in that building.
I don't look in every office in that building, 99, I just look in the office directly across the way.
- Why that one?
- No reason in particular.
I just don't understand how those blueprints for the new missile-guidance system got out of here.
Outside of yourself and Miss Parker, who else has access to your office?
Only Quincannon, my engineer.
When he's through with an assignment he brings the blueprints here and I place them in that safe there.
- Here you are, Mr. Greer.
- Thank you, Miss Parker.
Oh, get me the file on the Southeastern plant too.
through those binoculars.
Now am I crazy, or is that the Chief?
Max!
Not her, 99, the old man.
It does look like the Chief, Max.
For a very good reason-- - it is the Chief.
- Don't be ridiculous, 99.
It can't be the Chief.
What would the Chief be doing in that office?
Because that's Otto Greer Industries.
They do a lot of government contracts.
what Industries it is.
Why would the Chief be over there?
I'm telling you that's not the Chief.
Max, I'm telling you.
I see the Chief right in these binoculars.
- Will that be all?
- Yes, thank you, Miss Parker.
Unless you'd also like to see the moon project data?
Uh, is it handy?
It's right in the filing cabinet in the top drawer.
That won't be necessary.
KAOS must never get their hands on this file.
You don't have to worry about that.
When I'm through, I'll place it in the safe.
Somehow somebody is getting into this office and getting out with top government secrets.
We've got to find out who.
You know I'll give you every ounce of cooperation I can.
- Yes, we're grateful to you.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, here-- a Greer Industries souvenir pen.
- Thank you.
- I'll tell you what I'll do-- - I'll bet you $5 that's not the Chief.
- You're on.
- Three, four, five.
- Thank you.
So that's why I came over here, 99.
I wanted to save you a trip to headquarters.
What's my cover on this assignment, Chief?
Tomorrow morning you go to work as Greer's receptionist.
Now I must know if anybody other than Greer, Quincannon or Miss Parker has access to Greer's office.
And if not?
Then one of those three is working for KAOS.
How could they get the blueprints out of that building, Chief?
You said there was a security guard posted at every exit on that floor.
That's what the United States government would like to know.
Just how important to the government are these blueprints?
If KAOS gets their hands on any more of those blueprints, they'll have the capability of polluting the air over every major city in the United States.
I don't want to worry you, Chief, but I think they already have that.
I'll report for work in the morning, Chief.
If I notice anything suspicious, I'll contact CONTROL immediately.
-  - Exactly as I suspected.
our new receptionist tomorrow will be a CONTROL spy.
Suppose she discovers what we're doing?
Then we'll give the new receptionist a reception she'll never forget.
And I handle everything for Mr. Greer, both business and personal.
And you'll get along just fine, Miss Norris, if you can only remember one thing-- due to the government work we're involved in here, nobody-- but nobody-- gets in Mr. Greer's office, with the exception of Mr. Greer, Mr. Quincannon and myself.
- Is that quite clear?
- Oh, it's very clear.
But supposing you're ill one day, then who takes care of Mr. Greer?
Miss Norris, nobody gets in that office.
-  - Greer: Miss Parker, - will you come in here please?
- Yes, Mr. Greer.
Nobody.
Spinoza just phoned from the lobby.
He'll be here any second.
Let him in.
Let me have the file on the Southeastern plant.
Thank you.
Where are the blueprints on the Southeastern plant?
Mr. Quincannon had a few last-minute changes to make.
They should be ready by about There's no sense in your waiting, Spinoza.
You can go, but make sure you're back here at 2:00.
Let him out.
Greer: Thank you, Miss Parker.
That'll be all.
Parker: Miss Norris, you dropped your pencil.
The great fringe benefit of this assignment is having lunch with you, Max.
- Whoops!
- Oh!
I'll get it for you, 99.
-  - Oh, not again.
Well, it's only a paper napkin, 99.
I wish it were only a paper rug.
Anything unusual happen today?
No, everything seemed quite normal.
The only people that went into Greer's office were Greer and Miss Parker.
What about the other guy?
- What other guy?
- The little short guy.
Well, Max, I sat at my desk every minute.
If anyone else had gone in, I would have seen him.
I've been watching that window all day through my binoculars.
I'm telling you there was a little short guy in there with Greer and Miss Parker.
Maybe you were looking in the wrong window.
With Miss Parker in there?
Are you kidding?
Max, if there was someone else in that office, there must be some other way to get in!
They certainly couldn't get in through the window.
A secret door.
Max, that's it!
- A secret door!
- Well, it won't be a secret for long if you keep yelling about it like that.
Don't you see, Max?
Greer, Quincannon and Miss Parker are all in on it!
They're smuggling out the blueprints by way of a courier who comes in through a secret entrance!
- Ugh!
- Max, what's wrong?
That coffee is cold.
Don't you think we'd better get in touch with the Chief?
We can't do that unless we have absolute definite proof!
Then I'm going back over there.
I've got to get into Greer's office to search it!
Oh no.
Absolutely not.
I'm not letting you go back into that office.
It's too dangerous.
But, Max, we have no choice!
- But how would you get in?
- I'll get Greer out on some pretense.
You can watch from here with the binoculars.
If anything goes wrong, just notify CONTROL.
- Well, all right, but be careful.
- I will, dear.
- Here, let me open the door for you.
- Oh no, don't get up.
- I don't have to get up.
-  Miss Parker, I have some business at the Pentagon, but I'll be back by 2:00.
Yes, Mr. Greer.
Oh, Miss Parker, I'm completely out of carbon paper.
- Well, I'll get you some.
- Thank you.
Greer: It's left to 32, right to 21, and then left to zero, Miss Norris.
So that's how you've been doing it.
The safe is really a secret entrance.
I'm afraid that discovery won't be much help.
You realize what's going to happen to you?
- Are you going to fire me?
- Oh no, I'm not going to fire you.
I'm going to kill you, Mrs. Smart.
- Keep her away from that window.
- Max!
Max!
Put her in the chair.
My husband has been watching everything through binoculars from our apartment window.
In five minutes this whole area will be surrounded by CONTROL agents.
- Dial your apartment.
- No.
Dial.
Oh-ohh!
- Hello?
- This is Greer speaking.
Mr. Smart, if you value your wife's life, you will do exactly as I say.
When you hang up your phone, you will return to your seat by the window, sit down and stay there.
I can see you perfectly from here.
So if you make a move for the phone or the door, your wife will die instantly.
I'll get the keys from Mrs. Smart's purse and go to the apartment.
You keep Mrs. Smart here by this window.
When you see me put the gun to Smart's head, you do the same to Mrs. Smart.
I want them to watch each other die.
- Why doesn't he answer?
- Maybe he went out for a walk.
He's under doctor's orders not to leave the apartment.
Maybe he's taking a nap.
No, I let the phone ring often enough to awaken him.
- Something must have happened.
- Maybe something happened to him.
Larrabee, I'm going over to Smart's apartment.
I want you to stay on the phone and try to reach the apartment every few minutes.
Right, Chief.
Hi, honey.
Wait till you hear what's happened here today-- the Chief called Smart twice, and when he didn't answer Good afternoon, Mr. Smart.
So, Mr. Smart, we finally come face to face.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Don't you recognize me, Smart?
I'm Mr. Greer.
Oh, of course.
What are you doing here?
I came to tell you, Mr. Smart, that I'm going to kill you.
Oh, well, you didn't have to go through all that trouble.
You could've called me and told me that.
Mr. Smart, you seem to enjoy looking through windows.
So if you'll just continue doing so, you and your lovely wife will have the unique experience of watching each other die.
-  - Chief: Max, open up!
- It's the Chief!
- Stay right where you are, Mr. Smart.
One move, one sound and you're dead.
Man on  And now for a look at the sports page--  That's great, Chief.
I'll be ready to report for duty first thing Monday morning.
Bye.
- All finished?
- Yep, all finished.
Anything goes wrong, you just call us.
- Is this your phone number?
- No, that's the bill.
The phone number only has seven digits.
Call us if you need us.
Hi, 99.
Oh!
Great news.
I just talked to the Chief.
They rounded up Spinoza and Quincannon.
And guess what?
You know that secret panel in the safe?
Led to a secret panel in the elevator.
That's how they were smuggling those blueprints out of the office.
I'm glad that's over with.
I'm going down to the delicatessen for a few minutes.
Will you be okay while I'm gone?
Yes, I'll just remember not to look out the window.
At least you can watch television now.
{END OF EPISODE 24}{START OF EPISODE 25}
Man over P.A.: flight 229 to Lisbon and Madrid is now boarding at gate 3.
Well, Kendall, we got you to the airport safely.
Now all we have to do is get you on that flight to London.
First I'm gonna get myself a good stiff drink.
- But you never drink.
- I never drove with you either.
You check your bag, I'm going to report in to the chief.
Okay, 86.
Woman over P.A.: Flight 6 leaving for New York, London and Paris leaving at gate 67.
Now aboard, please.
Hello, Chief, this is Max.
I got Kendall here to the airport without anything going wrong.
This is one CONTROL agent that KAOS is not going to get their hands on.
By this time tomorrow, Kendall will be in London delivering the top-secret defense plans to NATO.
What's that?
Oh, really?
Uh, thank you.
Hello, operator.
I just got the wrong number.
Woman over P.A.: flight 69 leaving - May I help you, sir?
- I'm on flight 10 to London.
- I'd like some insurance.
- Will that be round trip?
I certainly hope so.
- And your name please?
- Michael Kendall.
If you'll just fill this out, sir.
I just checked in with headquarters.
Are you ready, Kendall?
In a second, Smart.
I'm putting you down as beneficiary.
Oh, that's very generous of you, Kendall.
- Here you are.
- Thank you.
Telephone call for Michael Kendall.
- Michael Kendall.
- That's for me.
Where can I take it, miss?
You can take it in that booth over there.
Thank you.
Man over P.A.: flight 13 for Chicago, and New York now boarding at gate 25.
Hurry up, Kendall.
We've got less than 10 minutes.
Kendall?
Kendall?
!
Miss, you know that man that just filled out an insurance policy?
Yes.
How long do I have to wait before I can file a claim?
Chief: The job was to guard Kendall so KAOS wouldn't get their hands on him!
How could you have failed so miserably?
!
have disappeared in the last six months!
Kendall was the most important man left!
How could you have let him disappear from under your very nose?
!
You nincompoop!
- Who's he talking to?
- Nobody.
He's rehearsing.
Eh, rehearsing, yes.
Tell him something came up and we couldn't make it.
Max, you've got to go in.
He's expecting you.
Eh - Hello, Chief.
- Hi, Chief.
Hello, 99.
Larrabee, tell Smart I'm going to talk to him through you because I don't want to talk to him personally.
I don't blame you.
He handled this assignment like an incompetent nincompoop.
- I like that!
- You did?
- I didn't like it at all.
- Larrabee, tell Smart I want a detailed explanation right now.
Right, Chief.
The Chief wants-- Don't you talk to me, Larrabee, - after what you just called me.
- 99, will you-- Do you think I'd have anything to do with you after what you called my husband?
- Chief, they won't talk to me.
- I don't blame them.
I'm in charge here.
What right do you have to give a personal opinion?
- Well, I just thought-- - Don't talk to me.
- 99, tell Max-- - If you can't talk to my husband, don't bother talking to me either.
Well, this is ridiculous.
We're supposed to be having a meeting and nobody's talking to anybody.
Larrabee, tell Max I'm sorry.
- I'm not talking to you, Chief.
- Look, we got off on the wrong foot, and it's getting us nowhere.
If I offended anybody in this office, I apologize.
Max, what do you think happened to Kendall?
Well, Chief, I've been giving it a lot of thought.
- And I have a theory.
- I'd like to hear it.
Okay, Chief, here it is-- CONTROL Agent Kendall went into that telephone booth and disappeared.
- Go on.
- That's my theory.
That's it?
Well, it may be your theory, but it's not much of an explanation.
I want to know everything that happened from the moment you walked into that terminal.
Okay, Chief.
Well I walked into the terminal, then I looked around to see if the coast was clear.
Then I nodded for Kendall to follow me.
- Then what, Max?
- Then I told him to check his luggage at the baggage counter while I telephoned you at headquarters.
- Go ahead.
- Then I went to the insurance counter, and that's when I heard him paged on the telephone.
Paged on the phone?
That's impossible!
Why?
They have a phone here.
No, Max, Kendall was traveling under a Code Z. The only ones who knew about his flight were you and me, and I didn't phone him!
But somebody must've telephoned him, Chief, because I was with him when he was paged!
And then I followed him to the telephone just before he disappeared.
Come on.
We are government agents.
- We'd like to ask you a few questions.
- Certainly.
Did you page a Michael Kendall this morning?
- Kendall?
- Mm-hmm.
Kendall sounds familiar, But it's hard for me to say.
So many people come through here during the course of the day.
But if you did page him, would you call him from this counter?
Yes, we use this microphone right here.
Thank you.
Come on, Max.
Government agents.
Yes, I have it.
Telephone call for Mr. Harold Clark.
- Mr. Harold Clark.
- Max, listen.
They just paged Harold Clark!
Of course!
It was Harold Clark who phoned Kendall!
No, Max, that's my code name.
I'm Harold Clark.
You'd better answer the phone, Harold.
It's just possible that whoever phoned Kendall this morning could also be phoning me.
You're right.
Come on, you can use this phone over here.
Keep your eyes open, Max.
Man over P.A.: Will Mr. JR Koleser-- will Mr. JR Koleser please report to the information counter?
Hey, Chief, that girl at the counter is Chief?
Chief!
- Uh, miss.
- Yes, sir?
Do you have a lost and found?
- Hello?
- Yes?
No, the Chief isn't here.
- I'll tell him you called, Senator.
-  Hello?
No, the Chief isn't here.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
as soon as he gets in.
- Hello?
- These orders have to be signed by the Chief and delivered to the Pentagon immediately.
They can't be signed now, the Chief isn't here.
- I'm sorry, the Chief isn't here.
- I have worse news-- Harvey just closed the CONTROL delicatessen and went home.
You're kidding.
Why?
With only three CONTROL agents left in Washington, he can't afford to stay open any longer.
Right, just as soon as he gets in.
What are we gonna do?
There's only one thing we can do-- eat across the street at Angelo's.
How can you think of food at a time like this?
!
we can do is to appoint a Temporary Chief of CONTROL from among the three of us.
And whoever it is will have to be highly-intelligent, completely fearless, with an acute sense of command and organization.
- Max, can I call my wife?
- What for?
I want to see if it's all right with her before I take on all that extra work.
I wasn't thinking of you, Larrabee.
I was thinking of myself for the job.
Oh, I have to call my wife anyway, Max.
Oh, Max, I think that's a marvelous idea!
You have more experience than any of us.
Well, all right, 99.
I'll accept the job.
Now, what's the first thing you think I should do as the Temporary Chief of CONTROL?
- Reopen the CONTROL Delicatessen.
- I mean after that.
Don't you think the first thing we ought to do is to the find the Chief?
She's right, 86.
They may kill him.
I don't think they'll do that, Larrabee.
The Chief has been the 22nd agent that they've kidnapped.
Now with all those men and all that knowledge, I doubt very much if KAOS will kill them.
They must be keeping them prisoner somewhere.
- But where?
- There's only one way to find out.
- How?
- I'm gonna have myself kidnapped.
No, Max!
I'm not gonna let you sacrifice yourself like that!
She's right, Max.
Let me go.
Are you saying that because I'm married, Larrabee?
No, Max, I'm saying that because I'm married.
How do you intend to get yourself kidnapped, Max?
went down to the airport, they were both paged to that telephone.
When they went inside that telephone booth, they both disappeared.
Larrabee, give me 20 minutes to get to the airport, then I want you to call and have me paged to the telephone.
Unless I miss my guess, in an hour I'll be missing.
- Be careful, Max.
- Don't worry, 99.
I'll call you as soon as I'm captured.
Max, if they capture you, they're not gonna let you use the telephone.
You're right, 99.
You'd better call me.
Telephone call for Maxwell Smart.
Maxwell Smart.
Again.
- Hello?
- Hi, Max.
Did you disappear yet?
No, I didn't disappear yet.
I don't understand it.
They probably don't realize how vital I am to CONTROL.
Do you want me to call them and tell them?
No, I don't want you to call them and tell them.
I want you to call them and have me paged.
And this time try and make me sound as important as you can.
Telephone call for President Maxwell Smart.
President Maxwell Smart.
- President Maxwell Smart.
- That's an important phone call-- Take it in your usual booth, Mr. President.
- Thank you.
- Man over P.A.: This is the final call for flight 13 to Miami.
Adios, amigos.
- Hello.
- Hi, Max.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm all right, 99.
Nothing's happened so far.
-  - Yes?
Don't you think we ought to get rid of him?
We can't!
He's not on our list of important CONTROL agents.
But he knows there's something unusual about that phone booth.
I'd feel better if we got rid of him.
Perhaps you're right.
I hate to bother you at work, but I was about to cook dinner and I didn't know whether to cook for one or two.
The way things are going, you might as well cook for two.
It doesn't look like I'm going to be disappearing tonight.
I'll talk to you later, 99.
Goodbye.
Hang up, Smart.
- So you're in on this.
- KAOS Agent Nova at your service.
So that's how you did it.
The old check-the-baggage- take-out-the-insurance- page-'em-to-the-phones- spin-the-booth trick.
It's an old trick, Smart, but it's an effective one, as 22 of your CONTROL agents before you can vouch.
All right, Nova.
There's just one question I'd like to ask and then I'm putting you under arrest.
How can you put me under arrest when I'm holding the gun?
Uh, that was my question.
Go on.
Woman: Nova!
All right.
Come on, get out of there.
- What happened to him?
- I thought he was you.
Oh really?
I don't think he looks anything at all like me.
All right, Mr. Smart, you can take me in.
That's exactly what I'm gonna do.
Before I do that, there are some things I'd like to know.
And you can start off by telling me what happened to the 22 CONTROL agents that disappeared.
They're being held prisoners.
Fall in!
Fall in!
Aus!
On the double!
Keep it moving!
Hurry it up!
Achtung!
You will now be addressed by the commandant of this camp, Colonel Ludwig Von Siegfried!
Prisoners of Camp Gitchie Goomee Noonee Wa-wa, you have been beaten, tortured, starved, maimed und racked, und now the picnic is over!
- Sir.
- What is it, Chief of CONTROL?
I have only been here a few days, but as commanding officer of these men, I must register a protest.
The food, the clothing and the sanitary conditions in this camp are disgraceful and intolerable.
Tell it to the marines, baldy!
- I demand something be done.
- It doesn't matter.
You prisoners will not be staying here much longer.
Because arriving today from our glorious fatherland, South America, is a man who will transport you behind the Iron Curtain-- Major Fritz Kessler, the Beast of Buenos Aires!
I thought Kessler was coming next week.
I thought so too, but he just called und said he would be arriving immediately.
I'll send a motorcycle escort to meet him at the gate.
Oh, he'll be so impressed with the motorcycles going  Uh, Shtarker?
This is KAOS.
We don't  here.
Anyway, it's already taken care of.
Und there's Kessler now.
Welcome, Major Kessler.
Tell me, did you have any trouble finding the camp?
No, but we did have a little trouble with the police.
- What happened?
- They stopped us at a roadblock.
- What for?
- I don't know.
They are stopping all KAOS command cars today.
Well, Colonel Siegfried, you have done a splendid job here with the camp.
The high commander is very pleased.
- Danke schon.
- All over the world, brave men are trembling at the mere mention of the name Gitchie Gitchie Goomee Noonee Wa-wa.
They are scared to death of that name.
Tell me, Colonel Siegfried, is it true, the stories I have heard?
Oh, well, every once in a while Shtarker and I do go into Passaic.
We have a few drinks, und, uh #Chicka-chicka- chicka-uh!
# - Colonel Siegfried.
- Ja?
This is KAOS.
We don't, uh - Chicka-chicka-chicka?
- We don't do that here.
Would the major care to inspect the prisoners?
Bring them out.
- They are already out.
- This is all the prisoners you have?
No, we have six more in the sweatbox.
He'll be out in one hour.
"He"?
You said six.
Six go in, one comes out.
The heat fuses them together.
Ah.
I will look them over.
Tell me, Shtarker, who does Major Kessler remind you of?
- Hans Gruber?
- Nein nein, an American.
- Mickey Gruber.
- Don't push it, Shtarker.
Don't let on, Henderson.
It's me, Smart.
Wilkinson, pass the word-- I'm breaking you out of here tonight.
Don't worry, old timer.
I'll get you out.
Chief, it's me, Max.
Max?
!
How'd you find us?
The girl at the insurance counter, she talked.
You'll never get away with it.
Siegfried'll recognize you.
Not with this eye patch, scar and mustache, he won't.
Kendall, you've got a lot of nerve.
That was only a $500 policy you left me.
- Uh, Major Kessler?
- We'll break out tonight.
Siegfried: It's much too hot out here.
Won't you join me in my quarters for some schnapps?
Thank you, Colonel Siegfried, but I'd much rather have a drink.
Major, ever since you arrived I've been trying to place where I've seen you before.
Have you ever been to Tobruk?
- Nein.
- Dunkirk?
- Nein.
- How about Berkeley?
You know, Colonel Siegfried you are doing a splendid job here at the camp.
Who knows, the way things are going-- today Passaic, tomorrow the world!
Tell me, Colonel Siegfried, where do you keep the file on the prisoners?
- In the top drawer.
- Ah!
Good.
Now I know who you remind me of.
Oh.
Who is that?
You'll probably laugh, but you remind me of CONTROL Agent Maxwell Smart.
Did you say, "Maxwell Smart"?
Ja, Maxwell Smart.
Huh!
That is the funniest thing I have ever heard, Siegfried.
Maxwell Smart, eh?
You have a delightful sense of humor.
I drink to it.
Siegfried: No, really, if not for the eye patch und the moustache on your glass, I would swear-- On your glass?
You are Maxwell Smart!
Shtarker!
- Never mind, Shtarker.
- But he'll get away, Siegfried!
I don't think so.
This window overlooks the kennels.
He'll be torn to shreds!
Shtarker, release the dogs!
{END OF EPISODE 25}{START OF EPISODE 26}
Chief: In our previous episode, Smart was assigned to protect CONTROL Agent Michael Kendall who was on his way to London carrying top secret information.
But KAOS managed to kidnap Kendall from under Smart's very nose.
Kendall was the 21st CONTROL agent to disappear in the last six months, and KAOS wasn't stopping there.
The news of my disappearance staggered CONTROL.
Well, I have worse news than that-- Harvey just closed the CONTROL Delicatessen and went home.
They must be keeping them prisoner somewhere, Max.
But where?
Chief: What Max and 99 didn't know then was that we were all being held in a prisoner-of-war camp somewhere in New Jersey, run by that infamous KAOS agent, Siegfried.
Prisoners of Camp Gitchie Goomee Noonee Wa-wa, arriving today from our glorious fatherland, South America, is a man who will take you behind the Iron Curtain-- Major Fritz Kessler.
That's right, Major Fritz Kessler, the Beast of Buenos Aires.
Chief: Smart, posing as Major Fritz Kessler, managed to infiltrate the camp with the intention of organizing a mass escape.
Max, you'll never get away with it.
Siegfried will recognize you.
You'll probably laugh, but you remind me of CONTROL Agent Maxwell Smart.
That is the funniest thing I've ever heard, Siegfried.
Maxwell Smart, eh?
You have a delightful sense of humor.
I drink to it.
No, really.
If not for the eye patch and the mustache on your glass, I would swear-- On your glass!
You are Maxwell Smart!
Shtarker--  - Never mind, Shtarker.
- But he'll get away, Siegfried.
I don't think so.
This window overlooks the kennels.
He'll be torn to shreds!
Shtarker, release the dogs.
Excuse me.
- Shtarker -  What happened to the dogs?
Well, you remember the prisoner who escaped in the woods last week?
- And we sent the dogs after him?
- Yeah.
Well, the prisoner came back, but the dogs kept going.
You fool!
Why didn't you tell me?
!
Well, I didn't want to upset you, Siegfried.
At least I got them on tape before they left.
- Shtarker.
- Yeah?
Why did the dogs run away?
- They didn't like the food.
- What did you feed them?
The same thing we feed the prisoners.
You fed that to the dogs?
!
- Ja.
Why?
- You're stupid!
You're could have made them sick!
- But, Siegfried, I was only -   trying to help.
Shtarker, take Smart back to the compound.
- Schnell.
- Ja.
Move, get him back to the compound!
Kendall: Max, I wasn't able to hear much.
I had to stay undercover.
But I did hear one thing-- I overheard Siegfried say the real Major Kessler will be arriving here sometime next week.
And you know what that means, Max?
- A party?
- Yes, a farewell party.
Kessler will be taking all of us behind the Iron Curtain and then they'll brainwash us.
And then what will they do with us?
We'll be returned to Washington where we will resume our duties as CONTROL agents.
But we'll really be working for KAOS, and we'll be helpless to do anything about it.
Chief, let's look at the bright side of things.
What bright side?
I understand that KAOS pays a lot more than CONTROL.
- Max!
- Besides that, they have a great health and welfare plan.
Don't you realize that once Kessler gets us behind the Iron Curtain, it'll be the end of CONTROL?
Not if we escape before he gets here.
We've tried everything, 86.
This camp is escape-proof.
There must be some way to get out of here.
Let me take a look at this.
What's on the other side of these trees?
It's an electric fence.
It encircles the entire camp, and they keep a current running through it 24 hours a day.
How much of an electrical charge runs through the fence?
Ask Penwick.
He tried to climb over it once.
Man, the electricity that went through me-- I'm lucky to be alive.
Looks all right to me.
Max, when Penwick got here he was white!
Well, Max?
Chief, I have two ideas running through my head.
Now one of them is not so hot, but the other one is sensational.
- Well, let's hear it.
- Okay.
We tell Siegfried we're gonna send a package home for the holidays.
Then all 23 of us get inside the package.
- That's a terrible plan!
- Oh.
Would you like to hear the one that's not so hot?
Max, a mass escape is virtually impossible.
Our best bet is to send one man out, have him summon help and then come back for the rest of us.
The Chief is absolutely right, Max.
That man should be you.
You've just arrived.
You're more physically up to it.
Oh wait a minute, Chief.
The laundry truck.
Isn't there a laundry truck that comes by here everyday?
Yeah, that's the truck that picks up the laundry right out here and takes it into town.
All right, Chief.
Here's my plan Which laundry bag is Max in?
- The one with the two Xs on it.
- Oh.
He made it.
In a few minutes Max will be in town and on his way for help.
Hello, Chief of CONTROL.
I trust you are enjoying your stay at Camp Gitchie Goomee Noonee Wa-wa.
Oh, by the way, you might be interested to know we have some changes.
Effective immediately, we will no longer be sending our laundry out.
From now on, the laundry will be done here in the camp-- in that lake.
Oh, no!
Can't you sweep without making so much dust?
I'll wait outside.
Und make it snappy.
Quick.
Max will be at the fence any moment now.
He'll need approximately after we short-circuit the current.
Here's a screwdriver.
- Right, Chief.
- Wait till I give you the word.
Ready?
Now!
- We did it.
- What happened?
Oh.
I don't know, a fuse must have blown.
The lights are off all over the camp.
- Oh, that's too bad, Siegfried.
- Shtarker?
- Jawohl, Mein Kommandant.
- Roll on the auxiliary power.
Ja!
Max: Yee-oww!
Let me get this straight, Smart.
You are challenging me to a race?
That's right, Shtarker, from here to the gate and back again.
You realize, of course, that I was the all-time track star of the Third Reich und the second man out of El Alamein?
- The second?
- Siegfried was first.
If you're that good, Shtarker, I'll tell you what we will do-- let's make it a 100-yard dash.
- 100 yards?
- Yes.
What do you think, Chief?
That should just about do it, shouldn't it?
You realize you'll have to open the gate and go halfway up the road.
I know that.
Schultz, open the gate!
You wouldn't care to make a little wager on the side, would you, Smart?
Yes, I think so, Shtarker.
How about $5?
All right, 20 marks.
Oh, I'm afraid I can't go that high.
- Max, 20 marks is $5.
- Oh.
Then I can go that high.
- Very well.
You will hold the money.
- Right.
And you will also be the starter.
You count to three, - then yell, "Bang".
- On your mark get set one, two, three, bang!
- Go, Max!
Hurry up!
- Go!
He's out the gate.
He's got it made.
- Attaboy, Max!
- He's at the halfway mark.
He's way ahead of Shtarker!
Why is he turning around?
- Max, what are you doing?
!
- I beat him, Chief.
Max, you were out the gate.
Why didn't you keep going?
And lose five bucks?
Smart Smart, Smart!
You won the race, but you almost lost your life.
- What do you mean?
- Well, had you kept going I don't understand it, Chief.
Every move we've made, Siegfried has been right there.
It's almost as if he knew what we were planning in advance.
I think he did know, Max.
That's impossible, Chief.
The only ones who knew our plans were CONTROL prisoners.
I don't know who it is, Max, but one of us is an informer.
Thanks to you, we have successfully thwarted every escape attempt they have made.
Keep up the good work.
He's gone.
Okay, Chief, go ahead.
I've gotten word that Major Kessler is arriving in two days.
- We'd better start packing.
- No, Max, we'd better start digging.
You mean we're gonna try and tunnel I our way out of here, Chief?
Exactly.
And we've got to finish digging out within 48 hours.
Why bother digging a tunnel when the informer's bound to tell Siegfried what we're up to?
- That's part of my plan.
- What plan?
I've been thinking about this for two days.
Here's what we'll do: we'll tell everyone that we're tunneling toward the east fence.
The informer will tell Siegfried, and Siegfried will be waiting for us outside the east fence.
- That's a terrible plan.
- I haven't finished yet, Max.
While Siegfried is waiting for us outside the east fence, we will actually be tunneling toward the west fence.
- That's a little better.
- Now this is the most important part-- you three are the only ones I can trust.
So we've got to make the others believe that we are really going toward the east fence.
Here, let me draw you a diagram.
This is the east fence, right?
- Both: Right.
- Wrong.
What do you mean, "wrong"?
That doesn't look anything like the east fence, Chief.
Where are the trees and the birds and the flowers?
Max, I'm not trying to be realistic, I'm trying to draw a diagram.
- Go on, Chief.
- Thank you.
Now this is the west fence, right?
Up here is the north fence.
Down here is the south fence.
This X marks where we are right now.
That's where we'll start digging the tunnel.
This X marks the east fence where Siegfried will be waiting for us.
This X marks the west fence where we're gonna fool him and come out.
Now does that do it?
Almost.
So that's how they plan to escape?
A truly ingenious plan, similar to the one I used to get out of El Alamein.
But thanks to our informer, we'll be waiting for them when they come up at the west fence.
We don't tic-tac-toe here!
Sorry, Siegfried.
I couldn't resist.
I go now and take all the digging implements - away from the prisoners.
- No!
Leave the implements alone.
I want them to keep busy until Kessler gets here.
But Siegfried, suppose they escape?
They can't escape.
Don't you understand?
As soon as they come up at the west fence, we'll be waiting for them in the truck, und Kessler will be seated behind the wheel.
Siegfried, you are the most corrupt individual I have ever met!
Und you're standing on my foot!
- Yes, what is it?
- Max: We have a few more bags of dirt to get rid of, Chief.
Okay, Max.
Penwick, give me a hand.
Okay here.
Max: Hurry up, Chief.
These things weigh a ton.
Yeah.
Penwick, have the men distribute that dirt all around the camp, and then bring the bags back.
Right, Chief.
How are you doing, Max?
I'm all right, Chief.
Kendall just took over the digging.
How far have you tunneled, Max?
Well, how far would you say it is to the west fence?
- About 200 yards.
- Well, I'd say that we've tunneled oh, must be "12, 14 feet"?
You and Kendall have been down there since 6:00 this morning!
Yes, Chief, but we didn't start digging until 8:00.
- Why not?
- Well, you see, for the first two hours we couldn't decide who should dig and who should fill the bags with dirt.
So we tossed a coin.
Max, it doesn't take two hours to toss a coin.
- No, but it took two hours to find it.
- At the rate you're going, you'll have to dig all through the night to reach that fence by morning.
If only we had some flashlights, Chief.
You don't have any flashlights.
You're just gonna have to make do with what you got.
Okay, Chief, but I'm warning you-- some of those fireflies are beginning to weaken.
Max, go back down there and fill those bags with dirt!
Right, Chief.
Oh, by the way, Chief, what are you doing with the dirt?
We're having all the men fill their pockets with the dirt, and when no one's looking they sprinkle it around the compound.
Hey, that's a great idea, Chief.
I saw that in a movie once.
- What movie?
- "Cave-in".
- Goodbye, Max.
- Bye, Chief.
Siegfried, he's pushing the rock back over the tunnel entrance.
Get away from that window!
I don't want them to be suspicious.
I want them to keep digging until Kessler gets here in the morning.
Oh, what time do you think Kessler will get here?
Exactly 8:00.
I hope he gets here earlier.
I got 7:30 in the pool.
You and those stupid pools.
Don't you understand you don't stand a chance of winning?
- Why not?
- Because I got 8:00 in the pool.
Max has passed under the fence and is starting to tunnel up, Chief.
Well, that's great.
Wilkins, keep an eye out for the guards.
Smith, go out to the garden and get on the flower stem.
All right, men.
Now this is it-- as soon as Agent 86 breaks through, I want all of you to get into that tunnel as quickly as possible and make your way through it single file.
As soon as you come up outside the fence, head immediately for the woods.
Don't turn around, don't look back, just go.
We'll rendezvous tonight at the bus depot in Union City.
Ja!
It looks like they're breaking through.
Is everything in readiness?
Ja, Siegfried.
The guards and the truck are waiting in the bushes just outside the west fence.
- I don't see him.
- Yeah, where is he?
That's strange.
He should be coming through any minute now.
- Hey, Chief.
- Huh?
Look.
He's tunneled south instead of west.
You know what I could have used more than a flashlight, Chief?
A compass.
Max, how could you have been so far off?
I don't know, Chief.
There was a big pipe down there in the tunnel.
What pipe?
Why didn't you dig under it?
Well, Chief, I couldn't dig under it.
It was too big.
I tried to hack my way through it with a shovel, but I couldn't.
It was too big.
So finally I had to make a detour around it.
There's only one thing to do-- We'll have to charge the main gate.
Most of us probably won't make it, but some of us will.
Is everybody ready?
All right, get back all of you.
Kendall, you've got a gun!
Gee, that's great.
Chief, look, Kendall's got a gun!
So you're the informer, Kendall?
- That's correct.
- Oh, uh that's why he's got a gun.
You mean, all that stuff at the airport was prearranged?
That's right, Smart.
Wait a minute, you're talking with an accent.
Before I was talking with an accent.
Now I'm talking right.
Well, Kendall, I hope you realize this is going to be a black mark on your record.
Right, Chief?
Shut up, Smart!
Chief, can he talk to me like that?
- Shut up, Max.
- Kendall: All right!
Now, all of you, move away from the tunnel!
-  - Good work, Max.
I can't believe Kendall was the informer.
Yes, Siegfried certainly put one over on us.
You bet your sweet shoe phone, Smart.
Throw that gun over here!
So you knew all along that we weren't tunneling to the east fence.
That's right.
That's why I had all my men waiting outside the west fence.
Well, Siegfried, it looks like my plan worked perfectly.
What are you talking about, Smart?
Well, when we told our men to dig toward the east fence, we knew that the informer would tell you that we were really digging toward the west fence.
So you put your men outside the west fence.
And now you're in here with us, and you're completely outnumbered-- That was my plan, Siegfried-- my plan.
And I thought it out all by myself.
Then you will be the first one I'll kill.
Uh, well, not exactly by myself-- the Chief helped a lot.
Siegfried, they're coming!
- They're coming!
- Who's coming?
!
-  - Everybody-- the electric company, the gas company, the fire department-- everybody!
- What are they coming here for?
- I just got a phone call.
It seems there was a power failure in Passaic, and they traced it to a cable running under our camp!
That must be what you ran into under the ground, Max.
Of course.
I know that, Chief.
When they get here and find we are running a prisoner-of-war camp without a license, we'll be arrested.
Come on, we've got to get out of here.
Kessler's waiting.
Kessler is here?
It's only 7:30.
Siegfried, I win the pool!
Get out of here, Shtarker!
Till we meet again, Smart.
All right, men, give me your attention.
This was a tough one, men, but we made it.
We're gonna march out of here and a lot of those people in Passaic are gonna be watching us.
And I want them to see the kind of CONTROL agents we really are-- proud and undefeated.
Now fall in in a column of twos.
Max: All right, everybody, fall in.
Let's go.
Fall in.
Look smart.
Penwick, get the door.
Ready?
Follow me!
Oh, Max, this telegram came for you while you were in the shower.
- They can't do this to me!
- Who?
The Passaic Electric & Power Company.
Remember I told you about that cable that I cut through in the tunnel?
Uh-huh.
They're demanding that I pay $485 in repairs.
Max, what are you gonna do?
!
I'm not gonna pay it, that's what I'm gonna do.
Well, can't they make some kind of trouble?
How?
We live in Washington.
They're in New Jersey.
But I thought all these companies were affiliated.
So what if they are?
What kind of trouble could they make?
I'll send them a check first thing in the morning.
{END OF EPISODE 26}