{START OF EPISODE 01}
- Is that you, 38?
- 86.
Come on.
Well, 38, it certainly is good to see you again.
- How's Mrs. 38?
- Oh, just fine!
We're expecting a little fraction soon.
Oh, by the way, how's the Chief these days?
Still giving you all of those tough assignments?
Yes, I don't know what it is with the Chief, but he's yet to give me an assignment that hasn't turned out to be a tough one.
Depends on you, doesn't he?
Tells you everything.
Everything.
Well, not everything.
He hasn't told me about the secret formula - for the new supersonic warhead yet.
- Oh?
But he will.
As a matter of fact, he's briefing me on it tomorrow before he leaves on his vacation, in case anything happens to him.
It must be great being in on things like you are.
We couriers never hear anything.
We're like errand boys.
- You-- do you have anything for me?
- Oh, yes.
There you are.
You know, 38, There's something very different about you today.
I just can't figure-- oh, I know what it is.
It's that striped necktie.
You never wear striped neckties.
You always wear solid colors.
I wonder why you--  Max!
- What happened to him, 38?
- Somebody slugged him.
See if you can bring him to.
I'll see if I can catch the guy.
Right, 38.
Max!
I don't understand it.
I just don't understand it, Chief.
Why in the world would he want to hit me?
Are you sure that's all you said to him, just that you didn't like his necktie?
That's all I said to him, Chief.
I mean, after all, nobody wears a striped necktie with a plaid sport jacket.
Well, practically nobody.
A strange thing, Chief.
Agent 38 didn't say that he hit Max, he said someone else did.
so stable to me.
- I can't imagine what-- - Chief!
Chief, I'm sorry for breaking in like this, but I've-- -  - Max, what are you doing?
It's me, 38, your old friend!
Now we're even, old friend.
I see you had the decency to change to a solid color tie.
Max!
What is it, 38?
What happened?
I just escaped from KAOS.
They grabbed me when I was on my way to meet Max and took me to their hideout.
They've got a guy out there that's my double.
- A double?
- For you?
Perfect.
It looks exactly like me.
Walks like me, talks like me.
I doubt if anybody'll ever tell us apart.
Wait a minute, 38.
Tell me, is Mrs. 38 expecting?
Not that I know of.
I think you'd better go home and check.
What do you think all this means, Chief?
It can only mean one thing, 99-- the League of lmposters has made its first move.
- The League of lmposters?
!
- Right.
Of course!
The League of lmposters.
It's gotta be the League of lmposters.
What else could it be but the League of lmposters?
- One question, Chief?
- What?
What is the League of lmposters?
It's KAOS' new diabolical scheme to infiltrate us, Max.
For years they've been scouring the world for exact physical duplicates of the CONTROL personnel.
- Like the double for Agent 38.
- That's right.
And they've trained each one of them to impersonate a specific CONTROL agent perfectly-- voice, mannerisms-- everything.
Oh, is that all?
Well, they overlooked one little item, Chief.
- What's that?
- The eagle eye of Maxwell Smart.
Which eye is that, Max?
Now look, Chief, I don't care how good an imposter is, I guarantee you that I'll see through him the minute I meet him face to face.
- You met one this morning, Max.
- Huh?
- You met one this morning.
- Oh, yes.
That was a different thing.
We weren't face to face, Chief.
- I was standing kind of sideways-- - Max!
This is serious, Chief.
Do you think they have a double for every agent in CONTROL?
This is Siegfried calling the lmposter Department.
Send Johann in immediately.
Please, und snap it up.
Ah, Johann, I've been waiting for you.
Sorry about that, Chief.
I was just about to call you on my shoe phone.
Ah, that's wonderful!
You look more like Smart than Smart does.
Und your voice is his echo.
Tell me, how long did it take you to learn that voice so perfectly?
- Just a few months, Siegfried.
- Ah!
Such a genius.
It took me almost 10 years to speak English so good like I do.
Sit down, sit down.
We'll discuss our plans, hmm?
We don't know who they're going to impersonate next, so none of us is safe.
We can't take any chances.
All right, that's it.
Stay right where you are.
Nobody move.
- Max!
- What are you doing?
Just checking you out, mister.
If you're really the Chief of CONTROL, prove it.
- Put it away.
- I'm not putting anything away until I'm completely satisfied that you're not an imposter.
If you don't put it away in exactly two seconds, you're fired.
I'm completely satisfied.
I admit you're thorough, but, Max, you've got to learn to relax.
I will never relax, Chief, never relax.
Not until I break that evil League of lmposters and smash them like insects.
Uh, Chief, you got anything that needs stamping?
No, Max.
Well, in that case, I think I'll go wash my hand.
Well, Siegfried, I think it's time to act.
I've never been so ready for a project in all my life.
I've completely memorized everything there is to know about Maxwell Smart.
Good.
I have some new telephoto movies of him we just took.
I'll run them now so you can brush up on his walk, gestures, mannerisms.
Dubrovnik-- roll the film.
Just a minute, Siegfried, haven't you forgotten something?
- What is that?
- Where's the popcorn?
Oh, that's wonderful, Johann.
You're even beginning to think like Smart.
We don't know who they're gonna grab next.
All we can do is wait and see.
It's a little hard on the nerves.
Well, Chief, at least you're not facing KAOS alone.
Max is with you all the way.
anything encouraging, - don't say anything at all.
-  - Oh, my ring.
- Oh, it's under the desk.
I'll get it.
Chief, the soap in that washroom is terrible.
Look what it did to my hands.
Yes, I know.
My hands are all chapped too.
Max!
Why did you hit the Chief?
Stand back, 99.
That isn't the Chief.
It's an imposter.
The Chief always wears a ring.
This man doesn't have a ring.
Here it is, Max.
It fell under the desk.
Oh, sorry about that, Chief.
Max, we're getting so jumpy.
If only there were some way to know who they were going to impersonate next.
Yes, well, I can tell you one thing for sure-- it won't be Maxwell Smart.
Because if anybody comes through that door that looks like me, I'll recognize him in a minute.
They might try, Max.
They must have a lot of information about an agent as important as you.
Yes, but they don't know the little things, the thousand tiny details that go to make up that complicated and fascinating personality known as Agent 86.
Watch the walk now.
He has a very distinctive walk.
He looks like he's suffering from a severe case of tight underwear.
And now we take our telephoto lens inside Smart's apartment.
-  - This is how he gets up in the morning.
Are you sure Smart isn't already on our side?
And even if someone does try to impersonate me, Chief, I've got a brand-new identification mark that nobody knows about.
Good.
If I have a secret way to check your ID, Max, - it could save some lives.
- Right.
I'll show it to you, Chief.
If you don't mind, 99, I'd appreciate it if you'd turn your head.
Max, we're CONTROL agents.
We're not supposed to have secrets from one another.
If you don't turn your head, I'm not going to show it.
There it is, Chief.
Isn't it a beaut?
I just got it yesterday.
That's a pretty bad bruise, Max.
How'd it happen?
Bridge game.
I got a partner that signals a lot.
It's a great identification-- a big purple bruise on your right ankle.
And this final scene is very interesting.
We took it just last night.
Watch this.
Johann: Oh, a large purple bruise on his right ankle.
Siegfried: A lovely color.
That's it.
Well, thank you, Siegfried.
That movie was most helpful.
I now have every mannerism of Maxwell Smart down to perfection.
Good.
Tomorrow we kidnap Maxwell Smart und you will take his place.
Yes, but I must be very careful to remember not to let them see my right ankle.
Why would you not let them see your right ankle?
Because I don't have a bruise on my right ankle.
- Ow!
- You have now.
Are you there, 13?
Which locker are you in, 13?
- Here I am, 86.
- Here I am, 86.
So The old double-agent- with-the-two-faces-in- the-twin-locker trick.
- I'm the real 13.
- He's not the real 13.
He's the imposter.
- No, he's an imposter.
- He is!
Now, just a minute, gentlemen.
I'll decide who the imposter is.
Don't worry, Agent 13, he won't get away with this.
And don't you worry either, 13.
He won't get away with it either.
According to my fantastic memory, it seems to me that when I had breakfast with Agent 13 this morning he had eggs for breakfast and he spilt some of them on his lapel.
Which means that the imposter is you.
Wait a minute.
Come to think of it, he had cereal.
I was the one who had eggs.
Put 'em up, 86.
Up.
Hold it!
Someone's coming.
Okay.
Max, over here!
Chief, they were laying for me and there were two 13s.
I know that, Max.
I want to show you something.
Hand me that photo, will you?
Here, this will help with the impersonation.
Ah, I see Mr. Smart is coming to his senses.
If he has any left.
Mr. Smart, meet Mr. Smart.
Fantastic, isn't it?
You'll never get away with this, Siegfried.
First of all, he doesn't look any more like me than you do.
He's got big ears, a long nose and a slit for a mouth.
He looks exactly like you.
He even has the same beady little eyes.
Who does?
Like it or not, he is you.
Und no one could tell the difference.
Very well, Siegfried.
He might pass in the dark, but your plan is doomed to failure because you overlooked one tiny little thing-- you see, I happen to have a very distinctive and unique voice.
Did you hear that, Siegfried?
He has a very distinctive and unique voice.
That's right.
Listen to me-- Mr. Smart, you might be interested in what we are going to do inasmuch as you are going to do it.
Your Chief-- the real one-- will reveal the secret of the supersonic warhead to our Johann here.
As soon as he does, Johann will kill your Chief, substitute our Chief for him, and then CONTROL will be-- how do you say it in your language?
Ah, yes  Well, Siegfried, we'd better get going.
It's 10 minutes to 3:00 if Mr. Smart's watch is correct.
If it isn't, let me know.
I have a lifetime guarantee on it.
Which in your case is over within 10 more minutes.
Dubrovnik, Balinkov, get off his shoe.
The other one!
The one with the phone.
Okay, Siegfried, that's it, you've had it.
It's one thing when you fight the United States Government, but it's quite another thing entirely when you start to fool around with AT&T.
Mr. Smart, I leave you to your fate.
When we close that door, this room will be hermetically sealed.
Gas will be pouring in until you are out-- dead!
There is no way to escape.
Goodbye.
Now, Max, I'll be leaving on my vacation in a few hours, so it's time to give you the formula for the new supersonic warhead.
Now remember, this is top secret-- even to the rest of the CONTROL personnel.
Don't worry about it, Chief.
You have my word that nobody at CONTROL will hear about it from me.
Good.
Wait a minute.
Before I give you the formula-- for complete security, Max-- I'd like to see your secret identification mark.
Always thinking, aren't you, Chief?
- There you are, Chief.
- Fine.
Okay, now about the warhead - Uh, 99, will you excuse us?
- Right, Chief.
- Now, Max, listen very carefully-- -  Hold it, Chief!
Don't say another word.
This man is an impostor.
His name is Johann and he's a KAOS agent.
Don't listen to him, Chief.
His name is Johann and he's a KAOS agent.
Chief, you've got to believe me.
I just escaped from a KAOS cell a few minutes ago.
- But I don't know who-- - He's lying, Chief.
Quiet, Max, I'm talking to-- Max.
Wait a minute, I can prove who I am.
Don't look.
He has the identical bruise on his ankle.
It's probably just a cheap Japanese imitation!
It seems hopeless, Chief.
There doesn't seem to be any way to tell them apart.
They're exact doubles.
You think that's something?
They've got a guy that looks so much like you, Chief, he could pass-- Wait a minute.
Maybe you're passing for him.
Maybe you're the impostor.
No, I'm the Chief, but I can't take any chances.
One of you is a KAOS agent.
And until I find out who it is, I'll have to keep you both under guard.
I've got it.
My fingerprints!
He can't have my fingerprints because these are my fingers.
No, it wouldn't work.
Whoever the fake Smart is, he's already had access to the fingerprint files.
There's nothing that can keep him from substituting his prints for the real ones.
What are we going to do, Chief?
This could paralyze our whole organization.
There's only one answer, 99-- Emergency Identification Procedure #6A.
This evening at 6:00 a board of inquiry will determine who the real Max is.
than anybody else.
- I want to have you on that board.
- Right.
Now, until 6:00, you're both prisoners.
Dummkopfs.
Dunderheads!
Sissies!
You let Smart escape from under your noses?
Please, Siegfried, try to calm yourself.
I am calm!
You should see me when I'm upset!
Und now, because of your stupidity, we have to put Plan B and C into effect.
I know what Plan B is, but Siegfried, what is Plan C?
This is Plan C!
Darling, would you please be kind enough to put Plan B into effect?
Thank you, sweetheart.
$12.40.
And Smart #2, how much did you overcharge CONTROL on last week's expense accounts?
$12.40.
Smart #1, what was your reason for joining CONTROL?
I wanted to fight the forces of evil and serve on the side of niceness.
Smart #2, what was your reason for joining?
I needed the money.
That too.
Smart #1, have you ever kissed me?
I'm not the kind of a man to kiss and tell.
Chief, he's ducking the question.
According to the rules, that's his answer.
Smart #2, have you ever kissed me?
- Don't you remember?
- I'll never forget.
Yes, I kissed you.
Smart #2, in what cities does CONTROL have secret headquarters?
Washington, New York, Baltimore, Los Angeles, Cleveland and Phoenix.
And we had one in Las Vegas, but we lost it.
Smart #1, when you went to England on the Martin case, what was the cover you used?
I posed as the prime minister.
You posed as the prime minister?
I didn't say it was a successful cover.
Smart #1, last week, what did you tell me in the strictest confidence about the Chief?
Chief, that's not fair.
Would you answer a question like that?
- Yes, I would.
- Well, go ahead and answer it.
Smart #1, answer the question.
I said that you were an inconsiderate Simon Legree who bullies his employees and has no conception of how this organization ought to be run.
Remember, I'm only quoting.
And the answer to that is Agents 42, 57, That concludes the questioning.
Your decisions, please.
Thank you.
Smart #1, step forward, please.
Well, you took your own sweet time about it, but I'm glad to see you've finally come to the right decision.
The panel has decided that you are the KAOS impostor.
And since this calls for emergency action, you will be shot right now.
- Are you all right, Chief?
- Yes, it's just my shoulder.
Chief, are you all right?
Yes, it's just his shoulder.
Oh, Max.
I certainly hope I shot the right one of me.
{END OF EPISODE 01}{START OF EPISODE 02}
Man on  Bienvenidos, señors y señoras, and welcome to the glorious democracy of San Saludos.
Each and every one of you is the personal guest of our benevolent and beloved leader, General Diablo Pajarito, Commander of the Armed Forces, President of the Senate, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and Finance Minister.
General Pajarito feels sure you will enjoy your stay in the friendly and prosperous country of San Saludos.
Your return visa expired Take this dog out and have him shot.
Max!
They're gonna shoot that old man!
Don't be ridiculous, 99.
This is a civilized country.
First of all, he'll have a trial by a jury of his peers, the right of appeal, transferral to a higher court and if all else fails, a personal plea for clemency to General Pajarito.
Of course, here all that happens after the man is shot.
Max, since General Pajarito took over this country, it's a very dangerous place.
We don't have anything to worry about, 99.
We're not citizens.
We're just spies.
Everything is in order.
How much money you have?
That's just enough for 10 tickets to the national lottery.
My stamp-- My visa stamp.
You forgot to ink the stamp.
Take this dog away!
Max, they're gonna shoot him too!
Not him, 99.
After all, he's a government official.
Probably the worst thing they'll do is give him a warning.
This is some democracy.
They certainly don't play any favorites.
Señor, señorita.
Por favor.
Excuse me, please.
Max, why didn't he stamp our passports here?
Do you think he suspects something?
What if he finds those escape devices in our suitcases?
I thought of that, 99.
These fellows always look for false bottoms in a suitcase.
I put our escape balloons in a false top.
It's foolproof.
You see, the left snap activates the balloon mechanism.
Everything is in order.
We hope that you have a most pleasant stay in our glorious republic.
General Pajarito.
General Pajarito.
Miguel, sir.
CONTROL Agents 86 and 99 have just passed through customs.
- Well, kill them.
- Sí.
Of course, make it look like an accident.
We don't want to give San Saludos a bad name.
These CONTROL agents never learn.
San Saludos is a wonderful place to visit, but nobody lives here Sí.
for long.
We have arrived, señor y señoritas, at your destination.
I hope you enjoyed the trip.
There is the General Pajarito Hotel, right in the heart of the General Pajarito Plaza.
Yes, and I suppose that you drive this taxi for the General Pajarito Cab Company.
Oh, no, señor.
I lease from him.
He is number one, and nobody dares to try harder.
That will be Listen, I'd like to ask you just one question.
Sí.
We came here because we wanted to go to this hotel.
You came along because you had to take us.
But what did we have to bring the donkey for?
I'm sorry.
I will wait for you.
That won't be necessary.
-  - What was that, Max?
The firing squad again.
I've heard of a population explosion, but this is ridiculous.
- That's your room, 99.
- Right, Max.
- What was that, Max?
- A table.
The guest that had this room before us must've been a termite.
Max, what are you doing?
I'm standing in the dresser drawer, putting away my shirts.
The Chief didn't give us enough information.
- Let's review our instructions.
- Right.
One-- Dona Isabella, daughter of Don Carlos, former President of San Saludos, sent a message to CONTROL saying that her father was still alive.
Two, we know that he's being held prisoner by General Pajarito, but we don't know where.
Three, we have to rescue him, but we don't know how.
- Who is it?
- Man: Room service.
I didn't order any room service.
- Ricardo Montalban hates tortillas.
- Right.
I have a message from your man in San Saludos.
His name is Lopez.
You will find him selling tortillas in the General Pajarito Plaza number 6.
Right.
Lopez, Pajarito Square, number 6.
Please, this is for the room across the hall.
Be careful.
- Who was that, Max?
- That was our contact man.
He says that we're to get in touch with a Lopez at-- Max, look!
going on around here.
Now this is just a wild guess, mind you, but I have a feeling someone is onto us.
- Lopez?
- Perhaps.
Give him the password, Max.
Herb Alpert takes trumpet lessons from Guy Lombardo.
I am Lopez.
- Do you have any information for us?
- Sí.
You must eat this taco.
The soldiers across the square are watching.
Señor, you are giving yourself away.
- Nobody eats tacos like that.
-  You must have hot sauce on it.
Where's Don Carlos being kept?
General Pajarito has our beloved ex-president Don Carlos prisoner in a dungeon.
- 99: How can we reach him?
- I will help you.
You have your escape mechanism with you?
Mine's buried on the outskirts of town, as per our instructions.
Good, good.
You must rescue Don Carlos before 4:00.
Perhaps you would like to ask me why.
Why?
At 4:00 this afternoon in the plaza there is going to be a fiesta.
Conchita & Conchata, the flamenco dance team, is to perform there.
What has that got to do with us?
You are to take their place.
The general knows you are here.
We figured that.
He tried to have us killed.
How do we find Conchita and Conchata?
They have the room across from yours in the hotel.
You will disguise yourselves and you will get into their costumes, and that way you will get into the palace without any trouble.
- That's a brilliant plan!
- But you must be careful.
You must be away by 4:00.
If they make you dance, they will find out you are impostors.
Then he will cut your throat!
Good.
That way a little cool air will get in.
Max, they're dead!
That seems to be the national pastime around here.
was poisoned.
Come on, Max, there's not much time.
We've got to get into Conchita's & Conchata's costumes and find Don Carlos.
Yes.
Now, let's see-- I'll need a mustache from my makeup kit, But these costumes will be perfect.
Nobody will know that we're wearing them except Lopez, and he'll never tell.
I'll tell.
I'll tell.
The two CONTROL agents are going to the fiesta this afternoon disguised as Conchita and Conchata.
That is how they plan to rescue Don Carlos.
A stupid plan.
Did they think they could outwit General Diablo Pajarito?
I will let them play their little game.
But first of all, they will dance for me at the fiesta-- a dance of death.
You look unhappy, Doña Isabella.
You know I don't like it when you look unhappy, especially in front of my beloved people-- what there is left of them.
How can I be happy when my father lies rotting in your dungeon?
I told you he would be released as soon as we're married.
I hope these disguises work, Max.
Don't worry, 99.
My own mother wouldn't recognize me.
Of course, I'm not expecting my mother today.
- You really do look marvelous, Max.
- I know that, 99.
- Hold it, 99.
- Max, what are you stopping for?
We've got to find that dungeon and get Don Carlos out of here.
If there's anything I love, it's a juggling act.
- Look at that guy.
He's terrific!
-  Crowd: Ohh!
Soldiers!
They certainly have a drastic way of canceling an act around here.
Come on, 99.
General Pajarito wishes to speak to you.
Yes, well, I'd be very happy to speak to the general, but at the moment we were on our way to speak to the general.
- Move.
- What are we gonna do now, Max?
There's nothing we can do.
We'll have to dance.
I certainly wish I had watched a few Caesar Romero movies, or at least an old Castro newsreel.
Move!
Conchita y Conchata, I am General Pajarito.
This is my fiancee, Doña Isabella.
I am looking forward to your dancing.
Uh, dancing, yes.
You see, General, I have this ingrown toenail-- Dismissed.
Commence!
- Musica.
-  Señors, señoras y señoritas, we are very happy to bring you now, for the first time in San Saludos, the famous dance team of Conchita & Conchata!
Max, what are you doing?
You can't dance!
Are you kidding?
They love me.
¡Olé, olé!
The four horses!
Bring them in!
- What did they say?
- They're bringing in the four horses.
Leap!
Leap!
Do your famous leap!
- What are they saying, Max?
- He likes me.
He likes me a heap.
¡Silencio!
¡Silencio!
Stop the music!
Señor Conchata, do your leap.
- What leap?
- The famous leap over the four horses.
Oh, that leap.
He wants me to leap over those four horses.
- Max, you can't leap over four horses.
- I know that, but they don't.
What are we gonna do, Max?
We'll be killed.
Don't worry, 99, we won't be killed.
Just follow me and do what I do.
Soldiers!
Fire!
Max, are you all right?
What happened, 99?
Don't tell me I fell off the horse.
You fell off the horse, Max.
I asked you not to tell me that.
I owe you a debt of gratitude, Señor Smart.
It was very brave of you to try to save me.
Well, I did the best I could, Don Carlos.
- But I did learn one thing.
- And that is, señor?
The next time I ride a horse, it'll be at Santa Anita.
Isabella: Take your hands off me!
Don't touch me!
I said get your hands off me!
Isabella, why are you here?
I told General Pajarito that I would rather die here with you than to marry him.
- What was that?
- That was Lucky Francisco.
He won the drawing today in the national lottery.
- And they shot him?
- Sí.
That is the first prize.
Señor, in just a few minutes you are going to die.
What are you whispering about?
Everybody in town knows that.
Señor, sometimes it is possible for a certain amount of American dollars to persuade the firing squad to use blanks.
Are you trying to tell me that the firing squad can be bribed?
- Sí.
- That's terrible.
That's disgraceful.
I refuse to have any part of that kind of corruption.
-  - Uh, what's the deal?
- $80 American.
- $80?
Are you out of your mind?
- I'd rather die first.
- Max!
You have to bargain with them.
They expect it.
You want them to think we're tourists?
- $40.
- $70.
- $55.
- $63.
- $59.
- $60.
That's my last offer.
That is it.
$59-- that's it.
Señor, we're only $1 apart.
I don't care.
It's the principle of the thing.
- Max!
- 99, don't you understand?
This man is trying to take us.
I can get the same deal in Panama for $39.95.
-  - Uh, $60, right?
Listen, when I travel, I only carry $50 in cash.
- Will you take a credit card?
- Here, Max, I have some cash.
Gracias.
- Max, you did it!
- Yes.
I only hope it's deductible.
All right, listen, this is what we're gonna do-- when the firing squad fires, everybody fall down and play dead.
Then I'll give a signal, we'll all get up and run to a field outside of the plaza.
- We will all be captured.
- No, we buried a balloon in the field.
- That'll carry us to safety.
- We owe you our lives.
Back so quick?
Did you get to the firing squad?
- "Chase" and no.
- "Chase and no"?
Sí, I only got to half the firing squad.
You bribed half the firing squad?
But that's terrible!
It's not terrible, señor.
You get back half your money.
I believe that's $30.
Would you believe $27?
Why $27?
After all, I booked the whole deal.
Son of a gun.
I guess this is it, Max.
No, it isn't, 99.
I still have my laser pen.
Good thinking, Max!
I think I'm gonna need some help.
Very amusing.
You saved us the trouble of coming for you.
My friends, we come to the end of the road.
It grieves me deeply to have to say goodbye to you, especially to you, Isabella.
We could have been so happy together.
You pig!
You dog!
You rotten, filthy swine!
You lowlife!
Isabella, cool it.
You want to get us in trouble?
Does anyone wish a blindfold?
No, thank you.
But do you mind if I have a last cigarette?
Of course.
It is the custom.
They're getting a little longer this year.
Not very amusing.
It is time for you to die!
Firing squad, attention!
We're not dead yet, 99.
Those men are soldiers.
They obey commands immediately.
Ready, aim About face!
fire!
All right, now all I have to do is inflate this balloon, and we'll all be off into the wild blue yonder.
Max!
It only holds three.
We can't all go.
You're right, 99.
It won't carry four of us.
Well, there's only one thing to do.
You three go, I'll stay.
- Max, I'm not going without you.
- Don't be ridiculous, 99.
Of course you're going without me.
Señor Smart, I'm an old man.
It doesn't make any difference anymore.
I'll stay.
Don Carlos, how old are you?
- 74.
- 74?
He really doesn't have too much time left, 99.
Max!
Max: All right, let's not argue about it.
All four of us will go.
I'll just inflate the balloon  Max!
You brought the wrong suitcase!
Well, that eliminates one problem-- about who goes and who stays.
Max, here they come now!
What are we gonna do?
Well, the way I look at it, 99, there's only one thing that'll save us.
- What's that, Max?
- A river.
Oh, Max.
Well, what are you waiting for?
Go ahead and shoot.
Yes, shoot.
I think there is some mistake, Don Carlos.
I have not come here to shoot you.
Now that the general is dead, we are free.
And we want you to come back to take your rightful place as Presidente of San Saludos.
Oh, Father, Father!
I am El Presidente again.
How can I ever thank you, my son?
Yes, well, that's not exactly what I had in mind.
{END OF EPISODE 02}{START OF EPISODE 03}
Hello?
Oh, hi, 99.
I'm at the rear entrance to the toy company.
I have a feeling that the tip we got that this is a KAOS information drop is a phony.
- Anything on your end?
- No, Max, not a thing.
Wait a minute, 99.
Someone's coming.
It's all right.
It's just a kid.
Hold it, 99.
Something's wrong.
All right, I'll take that football, sonny.
How did you know I wasn't a little boy?
Really quite simple-- training, observation and a fact that very few little boys can afford to smoke I got to break that habit.
The football.
Well, unless I miss my guess, this football should be the key to your whole operation.
I think we'll just take a little trip down to headquarters.
There's a few questions I'd like to ask you.
That won't be necessary, Mr. Smart.
I have the answer right here.
Drop the gun, please.
And the shoe.
All right, you may turn around.
I prefer killing a man face to face.
Don't shoot him!
Just before I gave him the football, I activated the destruct valve.
It could go off any second!
And if it hits the ground, it'll explode immediately!
Max?
- Oh no!
- Max, I was coming to check on you, and this football fell right into my hands.
-  Oh, no!
- Oh, yes!
Hold it!
Come on, let's get out of here.
That thing is liable to go off any minute!
No, Max.
When I caught the football, I heard it ticking.
It was a simple timing mechanism, so I defused it with my bobby pin.
Put on a pretty good act, didn't I?
You certainly did, 99, but you have to admit that my act of pretending to be frightened wasn't bad either.
that football for 20 minutes and you still haven't figured out how KAOS used it to transmit messages.
Now why don't you let Dr. Bascomb examine it?
After all, he is the head of our crime lab.
Just a moment, Dr. Bascomb.
I think I've found it.
There's a KAOS coding device concealed in the bladder of this football, right?
- Wrong.
- Wrong.
Max, nowadays footballs are not made with bladders.
You see, 99?
Nowadays footballs are not made with bladders.
In that case, it's obviously concealed in the pigskin.
- Right?
- Wrong.
Wrong.
It's definitely not concealed in the pigskin.
Max, may I?
Very well, Dr. Bascomb, but you're wasting your time.
You'll find that outside of the bomb mechanism, this is just an ordinary football.
You're right, it is.
The coding device is right here in the laces.
That's brilliant, Dr. Bascomb.
Absolutely brilliant!
- Oh, it was nothing.
- I agree with Dr. Bascomb.
- What do you mean by that, Max?
- It was nothing.
After all, Dr. Bascomb is a scientific genius.
Give him an ordinary brain like mine and he would've been stumped too.
You can't connect me to that football.
Even if it is microwire, you'll never be able to prove I had anything to do with it.
You're wrong, Mr. Tudbury.
That little man in the football suit was a known KAOS agent, and we have a witness to prove it.
A witness?
Gee, that's great, 99.
Who is it?
- It's you, Max.
- Oh, of course.
That's right.
Well, Tudbury, when I testify in court, you're going away for a long long time.
In the meantime, you'll be kept right here in custody until the trial.
I see.
If I am in custody, I'm entitled to one phone call, am I not?
Yes, you are.
That's the law.
Hello.
This is Tudbury.
CONTROL has me in custody.
Now this is an order.
Get Smart!
Destroy him!
Kill him!
Murder him!
- He's calling KAOS.
- He must not live to testify!
- Ooh!
- Larrabee, get in here right away.
Yes, sir?
Larabee, we'd better take him out and turn him over to security.
Right, Dr. Bascomb.
I'm in a lot of danger.
Don't worry, Max.
Here's what we're going to do.
Now, listen carefully.
We've got to keep you out of sight for two weeks, until after the Tudbury trial.
We'll pretend to keep you here in CONTROL headquarters.
Actually, we'll take you on a helicopter to Hideout B, which is the penthouse suite in the Warfield Hotel.
Then we take you down an express elevator to Hideout C, which is the basement suite in the Warfield Hotel.
Then we'll take you out the back way, up the fire escape to Hideout D, which is a shack on top of the Warfield Hotel.
- Have you got that?
- Not all of it, 99.
- What part didn't you get?
- The part after, "Listen carefully".
Don't worry, Max.
I'll take you there myself.
Believe me, KAOS will never, never know where you are.
I wouldn't be too sure of that, 99.
How could they possibly know?
I forgot to hang up the telephone.
They're still on the other end.
So long, fellas.
Max, with the devices I've installed, your apartment is the safest possible place.
Bascomb, I don't like it.
I just don't like the idea of being cooped up in here all the time.
But, Max, your life is at stake.
KAOS will stop at nothing to kill you.
It's only two weeks until the trial.
That's great.
I was supposed to play bongos at a love-in this Sunday.
- Oh, Max.
- Oh, all right.
Now let me show you how everything works.
First we have the Cube of Safety.
Once inside, you'll be completely protected from any possible destructive force.
Now if you'll all just step inside here for your own protection, I'll show you my second device.
There.
Are you all right, Smart?
Yes, Bascomb, but from now on, I think we should be on a first-name basis.
The entire living room is crisscrossed with a network of laser beams.
With this control knob, I can disintegrate anything within the room.
Watch the left side of that wall.
As a demonstration, I'll just turn this knob slightly.
Thanks a lot, Doc.
You've just destroyed my first pair of baby shoes and my 1965 Spy of the Year award.
Now remember, Max, this is for your own safety.
What about his bedroom, Doctor?
How's that protected?
Simple.
Follow me.
Now, Smart, you just press this button, and anyone trying to walk up those stairs leading to the bedroom will be completely disintegrated.
The beams also can be activated by a similar button inside the bedroom.
Now just a minute, Bascomb.
Supposing I get up in the middle of the night and I have to go wash out a pair of socks or something.
I come down those stairs and pftt!
I'm disintegrated.
-  - Woman: Mr. Smart?
Mr. Smart, I demand an explanation.
Just a minute, Mrs. Macklin.
I'd like you to meet two colleagues of mine who work with me at the greeting card company.
This is Miss Primrose, who takes care of our Easter greetings, and this is Mr. Pepperfeathers, who's in charge of births and bereavements.
What is it you wanted to talk about, Mrs. Macklin?
Mr. Smart, I demand an explanation.
All day today there were people running all over the building-- up on the roof and down in the basement.
And it all seems to have something to do with your apartment.
What's going on here?
Uh, yes.
Well, I guess congratulations are in order.
You see, Mrs. Macklin, I've just been wired for the Nielsen ratings.
I represent the entire East-Coast- middle-income- bachelor group.
I'm warning you, Mr. Smart, I won't stand for any more nonsense!
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll go and change your linen.
- Max, the laser beam!
- Oh!
Why did you do that?
I just saved your life.
Look at that.
I turned it off when she came in the room.
I'm warning you.
I'm about fed up, and I'm not going to stand for any more trouble.
Do you understand that?
No more!
No more!
No more!
Poor Mrs. Macklin.
She needs a fella, that's her problem.
But, 99, you can't stay here all night.
Oh, Max, we're in this together.
I want to feel that you're safe.
But you're a girl!
What if my mother walked in?
She just got used to seeing me in long pants.
Oh, Max, it's my job.
Just think of me as any other agent, like Fred Brown.
If he were here, it wouldn't embarrass you, would it?
Okay, 99.
Okay.
I'm not gonna throw you out.
You can stay.
But I'll tell you this much-- I think it's a rotten idea.
- Good night, Max.
- Good night, Fred.
protector before you go to bed.
Right, 99.
Would you please hang your jacket somewhere else?
I can't see you.
Oh, sure.
- 99, where are you?
- I'm in the living room.
I'm watching on closed-circuit TV.
Dr. Bascomb hooked it up so I could keep an eye on you at all times.
Uh, well, where's the camera?
Right in the picture.
- Closed-circuit TV, huh?
- Yeah.
I can see everything you do.
Now, just a minute, 99.
That's going a little bit too far.
I mean, you're invading my privacy, to say nothing of my modesty.
Max, I've seen your Adam's apple before.
Besides, Max, it's cute.
This is ridiculous, 99.
There's no need to have to come right into my bedroom and watch everything I do.
The next thing I know, you'll be telling me there's a KAOS agent under my bed.
Did you look, Max?
Would you believe two KAOS agents?
Max, the ray beam!
Max, it worked just like Dr. Bascomb said it would.
It disintegrated everything!
I wouldn't waste any sympathy on those agents, Max.
- They were gonna kill you.
- I wasn't worried about them.
It's just that I rented this apartment furnished.
And it's gonna be pretty difficult to furnish around this piece of carpet.
Max, what happened?
What are you doing here?
- Why aren't you in your apartment?
- I was evicted.
- Evicted, why?
- I disintegrated my lease.
You took a terrible chance going out in the street.
What if you were seen by KAOS agents?
I was.
How do you think I got like this?
They shot at me twice, tried to stab me and run me over with a vegetable truck.
- The town's swarming with KAOS agents.
- Don't worry, they won't take me alive.
And don't tell me they want me dead.
They want you dead, Max.
I asked you not to tell me that.
Max, we've got to find a safe place for you to stay.
Dr. Bascomb, you have a little place here in town, haven't you?
Yes, at the Kimberley Arms.
That's right across from the courthouse.
That's a perfect place for Max to hide.
I'll bet it's equipped with all those special safety devices of yours too.
No, they're much too dangerous.
Even so, no one would think of finding Max there.
I guess you're right, but I'm used to living alone, and having to spend two weeks with him-- It's obvious, Dr. Bascomb, that you don't want me to stay with you.
Please, Dr. Bascomb, it's the only possible place for Max to stay.
All right, Max.
Will you stay with me?
That's the most halfhearted invitation I've ever had.
Fear tells me I should accept, but pride tells me I should refuse.
I accept.
Max, I'm trying to go to sleep.
Would you mind counting to yourself, please?
Right.
Oh, that feels good.
Max, would you grunt to yourself?
I've had a very rough day.
I've got to get some sleep.
Very well.
I'm finished anyway.
- I'm ready for bed.
- Good.
Max!
Max, what are you doing?
I'm fluffing my pillow.
I can't sleep without a fluffed pillow.
Max, why did you do that?
Because everybody knows that when you elevate your feet, the blood rushes to your brains.
That way you have more intelligent dreams.
All right.
All right.
Just turn off the light.
- What?
- Turn off the light.
And sleep in the dark?
Oh, I couldn't do that.
Why not?
The gollywoggles might get me.
Oh.
Max, I've had it.
Now, look, make your choice-- either you sleep in here with the light off, or you go in the workroom on the bench.
Okay, but I don't see much future for this relationship.
It's only our first night, and already I'm sleeping in the other room.
If there's anything I'm more afraid of than gollywoggles, it's lightning.
Bascomb, try not to break the yolks this time, will you?
And this toast is terrible.
Don't let it get cold before you butter it.
That coffee tastes terrible!
It's stale!
Well, it's supposed to be good reheated.
Not 10 days in a row.
Max, you're not the easiest person in the world to live with.
The least you could do is try to say something nice once in a while.
After all, I do work my fingers to the bone around here.
I'm sorry, Bascomb.
It's just, well, I'm a little upset today.
You know, you didn't come home until 2:00 this morning.
I was working at the lab.
I waited up for you.
I'm sorry, Max.
You shouldn't have done that.
- You could've called.
- Well, I didn't want to wake you up.
Huh, wake me up-- I was lying there all night, staring at the ceiling.
Max, Max, you've got to get ahold of yourself.
You've been cooped up too long, that's your problem.
Look, it's only three days until the trial.
Then you'll be free to do whatever you want and go wherever you please.
Could we go to a movie?
Anything, only stop complaining.
You know, every morning it's been the same thing-- complain complain complain.
Now here, eat your eggs.
You broke the yolks again.
- Hello.
- Max, we're in a courthouse office right across from Dr. Bascomb's apartment.
Now, the trial begins in a half hour.
All you have to do is get across the street.
No problem, 99.
There's a crosswalk there and everything.
Max, KAOS is bound to try to kill you before you reach the courthouse.
This is their last chance.
What do you think you'll need in the way of protection?
Are you kidding?
Just to go across the street?
Those last 90 feet are going to be the most dangerous of your life, Max.
Dr. Bascomb suggests four men and an armored car.
No no, 99.
That's exactly the kind of thing KAOS is expecting.
I'm better off just crossing the street by myself using nothing but my wits.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
He says he wants to get across the street himself using only his wits.
I hate to see him go so unprotected.
Boy, that was close, Officer.
I almost got killed.
Naturally.
You were jaywalking.
I'm going to have to give you a ticket for that.
- But they were shooting at me.
- That's homicide.
I'm traffic.
- Name, please?
- Uh, Maxwell Smart, Secret Agent 86 of CONTROL.
Oh, trying to use influence, eh?
- Attitude-- uncooperative.
-  - They're trying to kill me.
- Probably.
Sign here, please.
Now, you crossed the street illegally.
Now go back and cross legally.
- But-- - Get going, buddy!
Hello, cab company?
I've got a little job for you.
Hello, honey.
Max, we've been watching you try to get across the street.
You can't do it yourself.
You need help.
Well, maybe you're right, 99.
You have any suggestions?
Dr. Bascomb has a plan.
It's a little bit wild, but it might work.
- Okay, shoot, 99.
-  - Was that you?
- No, Max, that was KAOS.
Now here's the deal: you go up to the roof and we'll shoot you a line.
You secure your end and then just slide down the wire into the courthouse.
Oh, just like a ski lift, eh?
Hey, that's a great idea.
Here he comes, Doctor!
They've hit him, Doctor!
They've hit him!
- Max!
- This is horrible.
Horrible!
Oh, Max!
No!
Max!
Oh, look what they've done to him!
Max, speak to me!
He was one of the bravest agents we've ever had.
He certainly showed us what he was made of.
Yes, Doctor-- rags!
Rags!
- What?
- Rags!
He's filled with rags!
This isn't Max!
It's a dummy!
Well, let's not jump to conclusions.
Then that means Max is still across the street, right?
Wrong.
I told you I'd make it, 99, and I did.
While they were shooting at the dummy, I just casually walked across the street.
Oh, Max, you did it.
You outsmarted KAOS.
Yes, well, 99, they're really not too bright.
They shot the wrong dummy.
{END OF EPISODE 03}{START OF EPISODE 04}
Maxwell Smart?
Young lady, you just took a very big chance sneaking up like that behind a CONTROL agent, especially in the dark.
I'm sorry.
I guess that was a stupid thing to do.
Yes, and dangerous.
You could've given me a heart attack.
- You are Maxwell Smart?
- Yes.
And I presume you're the young lady who phoned me a half hour ago.
- Yes.
Did I wake you?
- No, the phone did.
I'm sorry, but I did have to see you right away.
Well, you certainly picked a wonderful place.
I didn't want us to be overheard, and can you think of a better place than the cemetery?
- Yes, the subway.
- The subway?
But lots of people ride the subway at this hour.
Well, that's true, but if I pretended to mug you and you screamed, nobody would bother us.
Mr. Smart, my name is Ann Ferris.
- Does that mean anything to you?
- Young lady, the ability to hear names and retain them is one of the most important requirements for a secret agent.
You'll find that I'm superb at that, Miss Forrest.
- Ferris.
- Huh?
- Ferris.
- Oh, yes.
Well, pronunciation isn't important.
Now what is it you wanted to see me about, Miss Harris?
What do you know about Paul John Mondebello?
He's the head of the Creative Entertainment Bureau.
That's a theatrical agency which is actually a front for KAOS.
Mmm, he's the best agent in show business.
Mondebello is vicious, cunning and deceiving.
That's what I just said-- he's the best agent in show business.
But you've never been able to prove his involvement with KAOS.
No.
Three months ago we had an open-and-shut case against Mondebello.
Not only would he have gone to the electric chair, but he would have lost his booking franchise besides.
Unfortunately, just before the trial, our key witness was murdered.
Were you on that case, Mr. Smart?
No, the Chief bungled that one himself.
Mr. Smart, I can give you the evidence you need to convict Mondebello.
- You can?
- For $50,000.
$50,000 is a lot of money, Miss Harris.
- Try mine.
- Oh, thank you.
$50,000, eh?
Well, I'm afraid I'll have to contact headquarters and get authorization.
- Where can I get in touch with you?
- I'll contact you.
-  - Shh!
Don't move.
All right, come out of there with your hands up.
Sorry about that.
Miss Ferris?
Miss Ferris?
Hello?
Oh, it's you, 99.
- Is the Chief there?
- No, he isn't, Max.
I'm taking his calls for him.
What's up?
I just had a meeting with a very beautiful and interesting woman.
Did you call me at this time of night to tell me that?
she has the evidence to convict Paul John Mondebello.
What?
Max, don't let that woman out of your sight!
It's too late, 99, she's gone.
Did you get her name, at least?
Yes, her name is Ann Ferris.
Hello?
99?
Max, the key witness in the Mondebello case was murdered.
Her name was Ann Ferris.
But that's impossible, 99.
I just spoke to Ann Ferris.
Max, Ann Ferris is dead.
She's buried in the Garden Grove Cemetery.
That's where I am now, 99.
Are you s--  I'm sorry, Max, but there's no chance of any error.
Her files in our computer-- they all show the same thing.
Ann Ferris was Mondebello's private secretary.
She had enough evidence to send him to the electric chair, so he had her killed.
Max, you've just got to understand-- Ann Ferris is dead.
But I tell you I was just talking to her less than an hour ago.
- Now, that's impossible.
- Look, 37, I hate to bring up the past, but I remember two other cases where they said it was impossible and I went ahead anyway.
And you failed both times.
That's why I hate to bring up the past.
- Max, you've been working hard lately-- - Wait a minute, 99.
If I just had a photograph of Ann Ferris, then I would know if that was the girl I was talking to tonight.
Max, there are no known photographs of Ann Ferris in existence.
- Are you sure about that, 37?
- I'm sure.
- 99: What's that, Max?
- This?
Oh, this is the lighter Ann Ferris gave me.
- Wait a minute.
That proves it.
- How?
Well, don't you see?
My lighter wasn't working, So Ann Ferris loaned me hers.
Then we heard a noise and I went off to investigate.
And Ann got frightened and rushed off without taking her lighter, not knowing it was pussycats.
- Pussycats, Max?
- Yes, there were two pussycats playing in the bushes.
Well, at least I thought they were playing.
Well, whatever they were doing, they had a healthy attitude about it.
But what makes you so sure that's Ann Ferris's lighter?
Because of the initials.
AF-- Ann Ferris.
There are lots of people with the initials AF you could have come in contact with during the day.
But, 37, I wasn't with anybody today with the initials AF.
- Max, are you sure?
- I'm positive!
I spent the whole day with 99 and the Chief.
And tonight I played poker with the boys-- Pete Benson, Bernie Croman, Ray Gerber and Jerry Harris-- - Hmm.
- at Aaron Feldman's house.
Max, are you sure we're doing the right thing coming here?
Well, 99, I have to find out for sure if I saw Ann Ferris last night, and this lighter is our only clue.
Maybe somebody here can identify it.
- May I help you?
- Yes.
What can you tell me about this?
It's a cigarette lighter.
Yes, I know it's a cigarette lighter.
What I'm inquiring about are the initials.
Oh.
Well, I'm new here, but I would say that that's an "A" and that's an "F".
Let me try, Max.
We're trying to find out if this cigarette lighter belonged to Ann Ferris.
- She used to work here.
- Oh, yeah.
She was Mr. Mondebello's private secretary.
Did you know her?
No, she left before I came to work here.
Did she do something wrong?
- She's dead.
- Oh!
I was afraid she might be in some sort of trouble.
Listen, is there anybody around here that we could talk to, somebody who knew Ann Ferris?
Mr. Mondebello is in London.
But his associate, Mr. Vogel, is here.
I'll buzz.
Mr. Vogel, there are some people here inquiring about Ann Ferris.
He'll be right out.
Excuse me.
I'm Mr. Vogel.
Can I be of assistance?
Yes, we're CONTROL agents, and we'd like to ask you a few questions.
As a good citizen, we expect you to answer.
Did this lighter belong to Ann Ferris?
- Yes, this is Ann's lighter.
- Are you absolutely sure?
Is there any possibility of error?
I am absolutely sure.
Please answer both questions.
There is no possibility of error.
I am absolutely sure.
Would you happen to have a photograph or a snapshot of Ann Ferris?
Vogel, may I see you a moment?
- Mr. Mondebello, when did you, uh - Now, Vogel.
Pardon me.
Mr. Mondebello, I didn't expect you back for another two weeks.
Change of plans-- perhaps a fortunate one.
I overheard those CONTROL agents.
Why are they asking questions about Ann Ferris?
I don't know, but we have nothing to fear.
She's dead.
I killed her myself.
Yes, but she died without revealing where she hid the evidence.
She did die without revealing it, didn't she, Mr. Vogel?
I know better than to double-cross KAOS.
I tortured her, but she would not talk.
She was like a dying animal, so I shot her to put her out of her misery.
- You should have kept torturing her.
- Oh, I couldn't.
You know how I love animals.
I wonder if CONTROL is onto something.
They couldn't be.
This is probably a psychological tactic designed to unnerve us into making a wrong move.
You'd better be right.
If CONTROL finds that evidence, I'll kill you.
Now be calm.
Get rid of them.
Oh, Vogel.
I almost forgot-- I brought you a gift from London.
Oh, thank you, sir!
It's beautiful!
You'll have to forgive me.
Something important has just come up.
What about the pictures?
I'm sorry, there are no pictures.
But you might try her mother-- Gotcha.
No, no.
That's what I said-- No, it's-- I'll write it down.
Pardon me, is that 2103 or 2130?
This picture of Ann was taken just two weeks before she-- - before she-- - Died.
- 99, that's her!
- Max, are you sure?
I'm positive.
That's Ann Ferris.
But of course it is.
But you don't understand, Mrs. Ferris.
I just talked to your daughter last night.
My daughter is dead.
- Show her the lighter, Max.
- Mrs. Ferris, you recognize that?
Ann's lighter.
After she died, I looked all over for it.
I could not find it.
This proves that I did talk with Ann Ferris last night.
No, Mr. Smart.
You did not actually talk to Ann.
You talked to Ann's spirit.
You see?
Her spirit?
Ann and I were great believers in the hereafter.
But why would she contact Max?
Well, maybe she didn't have her mother's number with her.
Did she say what she wanted?
Yes.
She said that she would turn over the evidence that she has on Paul John Mondebello for $50,000.
Mr. Smart, you must do as she asks.
But, Max, something's wrong here.
Why would a spirit want money?
That is something only Ann can answer.
She's got something there, 99.
We will get in touch with her.
You know the area code?
I'm going to call Madam Borova.
She is a medium.
She will conduct a seance and contact my daughter's spirit.
We'll hold the seance at my apartment.
As you wish, Mr. Smart.
That way it'll have to be on the level.
I'll get it.
- Oh, hi, 99.
- I'm sorry I'm late, Max.
I was getting a shoulder holster fitted.
- So that's Madam Borova.
- Yes.
What do you think?
I don't know.
Mrs. Ferris says she's a medium.
Looks more like a large to me.
Max, is that a new table?
Yes.
I got it for my Saturday-night poker games.
Poker on such a big table?
Well, you need a big table when you have a 27-handed poker game.
Mrs. Ferris: If you will all be seated, Madam Borova will start.
We must all hold hands.
- There we go.
- Good.
Good?
If you'll just take your seat, Mr. Smart.
All right.
Just give me a little more slack.
I don't think I can hold on much longer!
A little more.
We'll dispense with the holding of hands.
If you will turn off the lights?
O spirit of Ann Ferris, come forth and join us.
Max: There's someone in the room.
I can feel her.
- I've made contact.
- Borova: You certainly have.
Oh, sorry about that.
Ann Ferris, where are you?
O spirit of Ann Ferris, come forth and join us.
- Someone is coming!
- It's probably the police.
- Hush.
-  Behind you!
Oh.
Hi there, Ann.
It's Ann.
You sent for me, Mr. Smart?
You called me back from the dead.
Sorry about that.
I hope I didn't wake you.
Why did you send for me?
Uh, yes, well, it wasn't anything important.
I'm sure it can wait until morning.
Max, talk to her.
Ask her about the evidence.
Right, 99.
Uh, listen, Ann - Ann?
- Yes?
Ann, when I spoke to you last night-- Borova: Remain in your seat or the spell will be broken.
Oh, right.
Uh, Ann Ann, where can we find that evidence we talked about last night?
You will give the $50,000 to my mother.
I will reveal the hiding place of the evidence only to her.
- When?
- Tomorrow.
It must be tomorrow.
- But how?
When?
- Now I must go.
Wait a minute.
Don't go!
Come back!
- 99: Afraid she's gone, Max.
- Oh, what a shame.
Seems hardly worth the trip.
The spell has been broken, Mr. Smart.
Oh, it was good to see her again.
Well, what do you think, 99?
Max, if you told me what happened here tonight, I'd say you were crazy.
But having been here and seen it for myself - You're convinced?
- I'm convinced we're both crazy.
Hello?
Mrs. Ferris?
This is Maxwell Smart.
Mr. Smart, I have been waiting for your phone call.
Do you have the money?
Yes, but the Chief insists we examine the evidence before we hand over the money.
Uh um h-hold a moment, please.
I must turn something down on the stove.
She has to turn something down on the stove.
Probably soup.
Little old ladies are crazy about soup.
They want to examine the evidence first.
Tell them all right, but they must bring the money with them.
Sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Smart.
My tea was boiling over.
I was wrong.
It was tea.
What you ask is acceptable, provided you bring the money with you.
I think that can be arranged.
When do we meet?
Tonight, at about, um Our flight is 1:00 AM.
Tell him midnight at the cemetery.
At midnight, at the cemetery.
Fine.
I will see you there.
Uh, if you don't mind, I prefer my women a little younger.
Oh, Les!
Tomorrow at this time we'll be in South America.
Do you realize, darling, you are about to become the first man to ever defect from KAOS and live?
Yes.
I can just see the expression on Mondebello's face when he hears of this.
Mrs. Ferris?
Mrs. Ferris?
It sounds like digging, Max.
Come on.
Here it is, in perfect condition.
Max: Mrs. Ferris?
Quick, it's Smart.
He mustn't see you here.
Make it fast!
Our plane leaves in one hour!
- 99, look.
- That's the digging we heard, Max.
I have found it, Mr. Smart-- Ann's favorite doll.
She requested when her time came it be buried with her.
- So she hid the evidence in that doll.
- That is right.
Your daughter was a very clever girl, Mrs. Ferris.
- Are they authentic, Max?
- Yes.
There's enough evidence here to destroy KAOS's whole operation in the western hemisphere and send Mondebello to the electric chair.
I wouldn't be so sure.
- Mondebello!
- Mondebello!
- Who are you?
- Mondebello.
Oh.
Now that we're all agreed on that, let's get on to the next question.
Silence.
You almost had me fooled, Miss Ferris.
Mrs. Ferris.
Why, you're not your mother.
You're your daughter.
Yes, I'm Ann Ferris.
My mother died 15 years ago.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
She was such a nice old lady.
Now you'll join her.
Only to be absolutely certain this time, I'll do the job myself.
Mondebello!
Drop it!
I said drop it.
You drop it, Vogel.
Mondebello, let me explain.
I couldn't kill Ann when you ordered me to because I loved her.
- We've been secretly in love for years.
- I need no explanations.
You, pretending to be Ann Ferris, hiding the evidence in an empty coffin.
- Then the entire seance was a hoax.
- Ann: Yes.
Madam Borova was in on it too.
Okay.
That just about wraps it up.
All right, Mondebello, let's go, let's go.
You're under arrest.
Now how do you figure that when I'm holding the gun?
He's got a very good point there.
- Now, Miss Ferris - No!
Mondebello.
- Don't kill her.
Kill me.
- All right.
Well, he certainly is obliging.
Now, Mr. Smart, I'll kill you first, then the ladies.
Wait a minute, Mondebello.
Where are your manners?
One two -  -  All right, get in there with him.
Careful, 99.
You'll hurt yourself.
I'm gonna save you both the expense of a burial.
- Max, this is awful!
- Oh, not really, 99.
It's very roomy.
And there are some nice trees here.
And we're up on the side of a hill.
It's a beautiful view.
Max, he's going to kill us!
Well, it's not all gravy, 99.
You have to take the bad with the good.
Goodbye, Mr. Smart.
Bye.
I guess this is it, Max.
Yes, 99.
I don't see any way out of this one.
Mondebello!
Oh, Max, he's dead.
Yes.
In a way, he's kind of lucky, 99.
That casket is just his size.
That was close, Max.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine, thanks to Miss Ferris.
It was very clever the way she disguised herself as her mother again in order to distract Mondebello.
But Max, she never left his side the whole time you were fighting with Mondebello.
Well, of course she didn't.
She didn't?
But, 99, if she never left his side, then who was
{END OF EPISODE 04}{START OF EPISODE 05}
Man over P.A.: Flight 12 now loading gate 3 for Philadelphia, New York, Boston and Bangor.
Attention, flight 7 to New York will be delayed Attention-- Mr. Buck Henry, please claim your poodle at the baggage counter.
Mr. Buck Henry, your poodle is waiting-- - Miss Markoff?
- Yes.
I'm Maxwell Smart, Secret Agent 86 of CONTROL.
I've been assigned to protect you.
Oh, you seem familiar.
Yes.
I've been guarding you ever since you got through the Iron Curtain.
Of course.
You were on the plane with me.
You were the man seated across the aisle reading a magazine.
- No.
- The man behind me, with the dark glasses and the mustache.
- No.
- But I'm sure I saw you on the plane.
I was the stewardess who fluffed your pillow.
An ingenious disguise, Mr. Smart.
Well, fortunately I have the legs for it.
I think we'd better use the side door.
Come on.
Am I in any danger, Mr. Smart?
No, everything has worked out exactly as I planned it.
- No one can possibly know you're here.
- Transworld Press.
Do you mind answering a few questions, Miss Markoff?
Just a minute-- which Miss Markoff are you looking for?
Trinka Markoff, daughter of the late Boravian prime minister, - here to address the UN.
- Yes, I'm afraid you gentlemen made a big mistake.
You see, this is Lubella Markoff, the European high-hurdle champion.
She's here to test our hurdles.
Hold it!
Well, Miss Markoff, I just saved your life.
One click of this shutter and you would have been hit by a bullet-- the old gun-in-the-camera trick.
How could you be sure?
That corny outfit-- the curled-up hat, the loud plaid jacket-- no photographer dresses like that.
They're more like this fellow here: neat, quiet and deadly.
Miss Markoff, Mr. Smart, I suggest you come along with us quietly.
We have a car waiting outside.
- Get going, fast!
-  W Street, corner of 34th.
Oh, you want CONTROL's secret headquarters.
- Hello, Max.
- Agent 34!
What a break!
How did the Chief know I'd be needing you?
He didn't, Max.
This is my job.
I'm moonlighting.
- What?
- While you were out of the country, there was another budget cut at CONTROL.
We're all on part-time.
That black car-- it is following us.
Turn right at the next corner.
That's the longer way, Max.
That'll run you another 50¢.
Turn!
We've got a block lead on them.
Step on it!
- Okay.
- Taxi!
-  - What are you doing?
!
Company rules, Max-- you're supposed to share the cab.
Look, could you go a little faster, driver?
- I'm gonna be late for work.
- Okay, buddy, but if I get a ticket, you'll pay for it.
- Uh, that's my corner.
- I can't stop now.
Well, that's all right.
At least he could have slowed down.
Well, Chief, it was nip and tuck for a while, but I finally got Miss Markoff back here safely.
- Where is she, Max?
- She's in the debriefing room.
Our main concern is Miss Markoff's safety.
Wait a minute, Chief.
- Isn't this top secret?
- Yes, Max.
Well, shouldn't we use the Cone of Silence?
- Max, the Cone of Silence is-- - I'll get it, Chief.
Where's the Cone of Silence?
Max, we leased it to the CIA.
But that's ridiculous.
It's just for a short time.
I'm sure Congress will reconsider our budget cut.
Why doesn't Congress cut the CIA's budget?
How can they?
Nobody knows what their budget is.
We'll just have to talk here.
Wait a minute, Chief.
We can't afford to take that kind of a chance.
I demand Oh, Max, no!
Yes!
The Closet of Silence.
Come on, 99.
- Now, Miss Markoff - Shh!
- Hold it, Chief.
-  Okay.
Miss Markoff won't be speaking to the UN until three days from now.
Now, KAOS will do anything to keep her from making that speech.
Our best chance to outwit them is to move her around.
She'll spend the first day here, and the second day to the Alledon Arms Hotel.
The Alledon-- the Alledon Arms Hotel?
That dirty old dump?
Well, Max, they're giving us a commercial rate.
I can't hear you, Chief.
You're talking into your overcoat.
Let me out of here!
Max, the door is locked!
Why do I let you talk me into things like this?
Larrabee!
Larrabee!
Chief, you're wasting your time.
Larabee can't hear you.
The walls are too thick.
Sorry about that, Larrabee.
Thanks, Max.
- What's the matter, Max?
- I don't know, 99.
I'm so depressed.
My first day back in the country and the Chief bawls me out for something I didn't even do, and he gives me a 50% cut in salary.
But, Max, we all had to take that cut.
Besides, you can make it up working part-time.
After all, our new hours are only from I'm making a dollar an hour babysitting.
That's fine for a girl, but what am I gonna do?
What did you do before you became a secret agent?
I was a babysitter-- that's how I worked my way through college.
- Well, what did you do after that?
- Well, CONTROL recruited me right out of college.
See, I was a Bonus Baby spy.
- Ugh!
- What's the matter, Max?
- That coffee is lukewarm.
- Oh.
Well, I guess the only thing you know is spying.
Wait a minute, 99.
That gives me an idea.
You and I are going into business.
Don't be discouraged, Max.
After all, the office has only been open for a few hours.
Yes, and no cases yet.
I don't understand it, 99.
This is a perfect location for a private eye-- right between a divorce lawyer and a congressman.
Looks like you'll have to go back to babysitting.
- No, Max, I want to work with you.
-   Are you Mr. Smart, the private eye?
- You said what?
- I'd like to talk to you, Mr. Smart.
All right, start talking.
- Alone.
- Get out sweetheart.
I'll be in the outer office.
If you need me, just whistle.
Well, what can I do for you, Miss-- - What can I do for you, Miss, uh-- - Mrs. - Mrs. Weatherly.
- Oh, please sit down, Mrs. Weatherly.
Mr. Smart, I need your help.
I need a very brave and clever man.
Cigarette?
No, thank you.
So you need help, Mrs. Weatherly.
Well, you've certainly come to the right place.
- What happened?
- You fell off the chair.
Exactly.
- A drink, Mrs. Weatherly?
- Thank you.
Mr. Smart, I have a problem.
You certainly do have a problem.
No no, it's my husband.
He's threatened to kill me.
He's madly, insanely jealous, and I don't know why.
I've never given him any reason.
I've never even looked at-- you're very handsome.
Yes, I know that, Mrs. Weatherly.
Now about your husband-- let's have a description.
- Eyes?
- They're not at all like yours-- deep, fascinating, piercing.
"Deep, fascin"-- No, not my eyes, Mrs. Weatherly-- your husband's.
- Bloodshot.
- Bloodshot eyes.
Okay.
Hair?
- Bald.
- Bald hair.
- Height.
- Short.
Short height.
Build?
- Tubby.
- Tubby.
You'd better have another drink, Mrs. Weatherly.
That must be my husband.
If he finds me here he'll kill me.
All right, don't get excited.
Take it easy.
You can go right down the fire escape.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
- All right, come in.
- Max Oh, it's you, 99.
My client got scared.
She thought it was her husband and ran down the fire escape.
Oh.
Max!
no fire escape.
There's no fire escape!
I asked you not to tell me that.
Oh, it's all right, Max.
She hit the canopy.
She's just limping a little.
and only client.
No, Max, that's not so.
There are two men waiting to see you in the outer office.
Oh, good.
All right.
- Send them in.
- Right, Max.
Would you gentlemen step in, please?
- Mr. Smart?
- You said what?
May we present ourselves?
Mr. Sidney, Mr. Peter.
- Mr. Sidney.
- No, I am Sidney.
He is Peter.
Gentlemen, please be seated.
Thank you.
I'll come right to the point.
We're concerned about the safety of Trinka Markoff.
- Who?
-  Our Mr. Smart is splendidly discreet, is he not, Mr. Sidney?
Hmm, yes, he is, Mr. Peter.
Dear Trinka told us how brave you were this morning and how you saved her from those vicious KAOS killers.
I've always hated brutality.
Please, Mr. Sidney.
We're afraid about what might happen to Miss Trinka.
We wish to hire you to protect her.
- I see.
- Are you interested in the job?
Well, that all depends.
When you hire me, you hire the best.
And the best is expensive.
My price is high and I won't have any haggling.
Take it or leave it.
- Mr. Peter: How much?
- Uh, make me an offer.
$250 a day.
- You said what?
- $250 a day.
- I'll take it.
- Good.
An advance and our telephone number.
We wish you to keep us apprised of Miss Trinka's whereabouts at all times, just so we know that she's safe.
You see, Miss Trinka is a worrier, and she would only worry if she knew that we were worried.
Don't give it another thought, gentlemen.
I wouldn't want Trinka to worry that you were worried that she was worried.
So don't worry.
One other thing-- we must swear you to absolute secrecy.
No one must know, not even your secretary.
Very well, gentlemen.
Goodbye, Mr. Smart.
Goodbye, Mr. Sidney.
Mr. Peter.
I'm Sidney.
He's Peter.
Oh.
Sorry about that.
I don't know why I keep getting you two mixed up.
Happens all the time.
- What did they want, Max?
- They wanna pay me-- they wanna pay me $250 a day.
- For what?
- I'm sorry, 99, but my clients have sworn me to secrecy.
Our Mr. Smart is a perfect tool, is he not, Mr. Sidney?
Oh, yes he is, Mr. Peter.
He doesn't even begin to suspect we are KAOS agents and that he will lead Miss Markoff right into our trap.
- Here you are, Larrabee.
- Thanks, Chief.
- Hmm - Sorry about-- Don't say it!
Chief, when I tell you what I've been doing-- Max, I'm not interested in what you're doing in your spare time.
From 8:00 to 12:00, you are on CONTROL time.
It's a couple of minutes past 8:00 right now.
You and 99 have to get Miss Markoff down to the Alledon Arms Hotel.
Right, Chief.
Where is she now?
She's at the secret identity section.
- They're working on a disguise.
- Oh, really?
- What kind of a disguise, Chief?
- She'll have a dark wig, changing her dress and wearing sunglasses.
Come on, let's see how she's doing.
Come on, Max.
Uh, I'll be with you in a minute, Chief.
I wanna make a phone call.
Hello, Mr. Sidney?
Oh, sorry.
Mr. Peter?
Maxwell Smart reporting.
Oh, Miss Markoff is fine.
Yes, I've taken every precaution.
Well, she will be wearing dark hair and sunglasses.
As a matter of fact, we're taking her to our hideout at the Alledon Arms.
Don't mention it.
It's my job.
We're here, Miss Markoff.
- What took so long?
- Max had to make sure you were safe.
Yes.
That's why I drove around town for three hours-- no one could have possibly followed us here.
Thank heavens there are only two of them.
Make that three.
Make it four and keep the books open.
Max, it's a trap.
Help, somebody!
Call the police!
Max, how could they have found out?
There must be a security leak in our organization.
If I ever get my hands on that stool pigeon, I'll-- Max, we've gotta lead them away from Miss Markoff.
Come on, let's go.
- Hold it, 99.
- What is it, Max?
- What time is it?
- Uh, 12:00.
That's it.
We're off-duty for CONTROL.
Max, what are you doing?
I'm calling the Chief.
I wanna ask him about my accident and hospitalization insurance.
Oh, Max.
You keep them busy.
- Hello, Chief?
- Oh, Max?
I just got off the phone with the Alledon Arms Hotel.
They said there's a gun battle going on outside.
I know, Chief.
That's what I'm calling you about.
We're pinned down here by four KAOS men.
- I'll send help.
- Uh, Chief, I have a jurisdictional problem here.
You see, up until 12:00 I was working for you, but after 12:00 I was hired by certain parties to protect Miss Markoff.
Max, what are you talking about?
The question is, even though it's after 12:00, the fight started before 12:00.
Now what I want to know-- is my accident and hospi-- Max, look out!
- Max, what's happening?
- Never mind about that, Chief.
The important thing that I wanna know is, - according to Rule 343-- - Max - Max, what's happening?
- Chief, better forget about my hospitalization.
Check my life insurance.
- Thanks, Sam.
- Sam?
Yes, the guy that was driving the truck was Agent 72.
He must have a part-time job at the laundry.
No, I don't believe it!
I just don't believe it!
But, Chief, somehow KAOS knew that we were taking Trinka to the Alledon Arms.
And how could they?
How could they, Chief?
Only one way!
I'll tell you how-- there's a traitor right here in our midst!
Who, Max?
Who?
!
I don't know, but remember this-- Every man at CONTROL who was hit by the budget cut is hard-pressed.
Now obviously someone desperate for money is working for KAOS, someone right here in our organization.
By the way, Chief, how come you're the only one who didn't have to take a part-time job?
Max!
Just a friendly question, Chief.
I still say Miss Markoff would be safer here than anyplace else, and that's where she's going to stay.
And I say that it's too dangerous for her here.
May I remind you that I'm the Chief?
You may remind me, but it won't do you any good.
- And your boss!
- Not after 12:00.
Exactly where do you think Miss Markoff would be safe?
I'm sorry, Chief, but I can't tell you that.
There's a security leak here.
But I'll tell you this much-- she'll be perfectly safe.
She'll be with me.
Mr. Smart, why don't you turn on the lights?
I don't wanna take any chances.
Besides, I've got the eyes of a cat.
Now let me see.
As I recall, it's exactly five steps to my office door.
One, two, three, four five.
Good evening, Mr. Smart.
Well, Mr. Sidney and Mr. Peter.
I mean, Mr. Peter and Mr. Sidney.
Well, Trinka, aren't you gonna say hello to your friends?
Friends?
This is the first time I've ever seen them in my life.
And, my dear, the very last time.
Mr. Smart, what is this all about?
Don't ask silly questions, Trinka.
- What is this all about?
- It's very simple, Mr. Smart, you've been a perfect dupe.
You've led Miss Markoff into our trap, and we shall have to kill her-- and you too.
- All right, drop 'em.
- Drop what?
Oh.
Well, in that case, lift 'em.
I hardly think that will be necessary.
Wilbur.
You don't think I'm gonna fall for that old one, do you?
Mr. Smart.
The old Wilbur-in- the-drape trick.
Get 'em up.
Are they up?
Wilbur, you'll dispose of them after we are gone.
You know how Mr. Sidney abhors brutality.
- Come come, Mr. Sidney.
- You are-- you are truly a gentle soul, Mr. Peter.
We know you have another gun hidden in the desk, Mr. Smart, but it's useless without these, is it not?
Yes.
Well, I wasn't reaching for a gun.
I was reaching for this.
It's all right if I have a last drink, isn't it?
Of course, a man like you should die gallantly.
That's the way I always die, fat man.
Cheers.
- Don't move.
-  Who's that?
- It's probably the police.
- The police?
He can get away by going down the fire escape.
That is an excellent idea, Mr. Smart.
Now please, move over there.
Now do not-- I repeat, do not attempt to follow me because I am a deadly shot.
Oh, how terrible.
Oh, maybe he was lucky and hit the canopy.
Missed it by that much.
- Chief?
- Max, what happened?
- Miss Markoff, are you all right?
- Yes, thanks to all of you.
Chief, you came just in the nick of time.
What a clever way to get into the building-- disguised as a janitor.
Disguised?
Oh, this.
Well, they cut my salary too, Max.
This is my way to make it up.
Who broke the door, Max?
{END OF EPISODE 05}{START OF EPISODE 06}
- Ready, Chief?
- Ready, Max.
Okay start.
Well, it certainly is good to get to relax again, isn't it, Chief?
It certainly is.
It's a little hard to believe we haven't had any trouble from KAOS in almost a week now.
Yes, that's because they have finally come to realize that Maxwell Smart is too much for them, that he's always one step ahead of them, that he always has the upper hand.
- I win.
- No, you don't, Chief.
My knuckles aren't touching the desk, right, 99?
Let's see if I can stick a piece of paper under.
Would you ease up a little, Chief, so she can get the paper under there?
I win.
Wanna try again?
- You tricked me.
- I did not trick you.
I outwitted you, the same way that I've always outwitted KAOS.
That's why they've closed shop and given up.
-  - Professor Von Gunther, I want the sonic boom machine to zero in exactly on the Chief of CONTROL's office.
I have it now.
It is right on target.
I shall have the pleasure of pressing the firing button.
How long will it take for the sound wave to hit CONTROL?
-  - Sound travels at approximately CONTROL headquarters is 10 miles from here -  - so it should be there by now.
Well, Chief, you didn't have to slam my hand down so hard.
Chief!
Max!
Where are you?
What do you-- what do you suppose it was, an earthquake or a bomb?
Maybe it was a sonic boom.
A sonic boom?
Oh, Max.
Well, that's our air force for you, Chief.
They'll get you no matter where you are.
Hello, former CONTROL headquarters, Maxwell Smart speaking.
-  - This is KAOS calling.
Have your CONTROL personnel tune into our television broadcast at exactly 12:00 noon tomorrow.
We don't take orders from KAOS.
Would you prefer a slightly stronger sample of the blast you've just experienced?
What channel?
Man on  The NCS Network presents the following program in living color.
Hi there.
Don't be disturbed, America.
We are taking over all television communications.
Now your set will black out for a brief time while we deliver an important personal message.
What happened, Chief?
It was just beginning to get exciting.
Quiet Max, it's for us.
Good afternoon, members of CONTROL.
Yesterday we gave you a little taste of the destructive potential of our sonic boom machine.
Used full-strength, it can totally destroy any city.
If KAOS is not paid $50 million within 48 hours, we will destroy New York City.
Remember, gentlemen, We now return you to the program in progress.
-  - What did you do that for, Chief?
That was a John Wayne movie.
Max, this is important.
We have exactly 48 hours to locate and destroy that sonic boom machine.
that's not much time.
What do you mean that's not much time?
Remember the Calassino case?
We cracked that case in only three days.
- Max, three days is 72 hours.
- Oh.
- We only have 48 hours.
- 48 hours-- gee, that isn't much time.
Max, according to the lab, that sonic boom originated in this city.
Now, we've got to locate that machine.
I want Washington covered from A Street to Z Street.
-  - Max, why did we stop?
- Chief is trying to contact us.
- Oh.
- Hello, Max?
- Here, Chief.
We've located a prime suspect, and he's somewhere in your area.
Now listen to this-- you are in the vicinity of the Lincoln Memorial.
Now you drive to coordinate 16-B.
Go 31/4 miles to coordinate 23-P.
Proceed crossroads to Alpha.
Now turn left, proceed one mile to the Royal Rest trailer park.
You should be able to make contact with the suspect there.
- You got that?
- Not all of it, Chief.
- What part didn't you get?
- The part after, "Listen to this".
It's all right, Chief.
I have it.
We're on our way.
We're on a wild goose chase, 99.
He's just getting his car washed.
Max, didn't you notice anything unusual?
- Absolutely nothing.
- But he didn't get out of his car.
Wait a minute, 99.
I did notice something unusual.
- What Max?
- He didn't get out of his car.
- We'd better follow him in.
- Right, Max.
Quick, 99, roll your window up.
What are you doing, Max?
I'm trying to keep my eye on that KAOS agent, but it's not easy.
He's gone, 99.
He's gone.
Max, he was right in front of us.
Well, he's got to be around here someplace.
Here is the script for your next KAOS threat.
Thank you.
I'll give it everything I've got.
Where could he have gone, Max?
I don't know, but we've got to find him.
- Oh boy, what luck.
- Do you see him?
No, but I just realized I'm wearing my wash-and-wear suit.
What's that, Max?
Oh, it's probably nothing.
Maybe a dryer.
No, no, Gaucho, I don't want Mr. Smart and his friend dead, not yet.
Why not?
I'm worried.
It's just possible they may have contacted their headquarters and told them they were following me.
CONTROL may have a general idea of where our sonic boom machine is.
What can you do?
It is too heavy to move.
Gaucho, before I went to work for KAOS I was an actor.
I'm going to make Mr. Smart believe our sonic boom machine is in South America.
Before I'm through, he will call his Chief and tell him that.
I don't understand.
I'm just a simple killer.
Come on, just do as you're told.
Get the illusion room ready.
- What are you doing, Max?
- I'm trying to get my foot lose.
I figure if I can get my shoe phone up high enough, maybe you can dial it with your nose.
I'm afraid it's no use, Max.
- I must be getting old, 99.
- Why do you say that?
To fall for that old hideout-under-the-car-wash trick.
Don't blame yourself.
Your government has less than 24 hours to pay the money-- $50 million.
Plus $1.50.
$1.50?
Don't forget the car wash.
They had white walls.
Aren't you overlooking the fact that other CONTROL agents may find this place before you use the sonic boom machine?
Not at all, my dear.
We are quite concerned about that.
That's why we are in the process of moving it a long long way from here.
Your unexpected visit forces us to take you with us.
When CONTROL learns that you are our prisoners, it will make our bargaining position even more advantageous.
He's right about that.
We're two of CONTROL's top agents.
Max!
Since we'll be traveling on a commercial jet, a conventional blindfold will draw undue attention.
You therefore will be disguised as a young couple recovering from an automobile accident with serious arm and head injuries.
Yes, well, that's all very well and good, except we don't have any injuries.
-  - You do now.
Max, we've got to find out where they are taking us.
Keep track of everything you hear, - feel and smell.
- Check.
All right.
Up the stairs.
I smell trouble.
- I feel it.
- Move it.
Step.
Step, step, step, stop.
Step, step, step.
Listen, when you get all that money from the government, I suggest you buy an elevator.
Step down.
Step, step, step.
Step, step, step.
Step into the car.
Duck.
Duck.
Step.
International airport.
Hurry.
And no tricks, please.
I'll be following you in my car.
Whosever driving this car ought to have his license taken away.
Listen to that guy.
Back off the horn, dummy!
Maybe they're not taking us to the airport.
Well, we'll know soon enough.
There's a perfume factory on the way to the airport.
- We should be able to smell it.
- That's right!
- Max, I smell it now.
- Me too.
Now according to my calculations, we should be coming to some construction very soon.
We'll have to take a detour on a very bumpy road.
Max, you're amazing!
Not really, 99.
Any superior person could do it.
We should be getting back on the highway now very soon.
But it rained yesterday and there's a depression that usually fills with water around here.
You should have rolled up - your windows, 99.
- Sorry, Max.
We should be turning into the airport now.
-  -  All right, everybody out.
The plane is loading already.
We'll have to hurry.
Man on  Flight 303 for London, passengers now loading, Gate 3.
Well, you could have parked a little closer to the airport.
On the ramp.
Into the plane.
Welcome aboard.
You are the injured couple.
Well, if there is anything I can do, please call.
Right, we'll call if we need help!
Of course we don't need any right now.
These three seats are ours.
Three seats, eh?
Tourist.
And I thought KAOS had class.
You can have the window seat, 99.
Oh, thank you, Max.
Woman: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard Flight 223.
We will be taking off momentarily.
Our cruising speed will be 600 miles per hour, and we will be flying at an altitude of 35,000 feet.
Oh.
Don't tell me you are afraid to fly, Mr. Smart.
No, it's just that I get airsick.
Ladies and gentlemen, will you please observe the no-smoking signs?
We're going straight up, 99.
It's a jet, Max.
Oh, Max, this is hopeless.
How are we ever gonna let The Chief know where we are?
I don't know, 99, but I'm gonna find out one thing.
Stewardess.
Yes, sir?
Is this a movie flight?
All right, Mr. Smart, no more talking till the end of the flight-- or else.
Well, I guess we'd better get some sleep, 99.
Put your head on my shoulder.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have just arrived at Ezeiza Airport.
We trust you have had a pleasant trip and will fly with us again soon.
Ezeiza Airport?
Where are we, Max?
Simple, 99.
You heard her say it-- Ezeiza Airport.
- Where is that?
- Must be right outside of Ezeiza.
Good thinking, Max.
Now, that trip wasn't all that bad, was it?
Yes, but if you don't mind, next time I'd like to contact my friendly travel agent.
If you'll excuse us, we have to unload the sonic boom machine.
Max, we've gotta figure out where we are and let The Chief know.
Right, 99.
Now let's see we flew for 10 hours at about a speed of 600 miles an hour.
Let's see, that would be six times 10 - carry the six, would be-- - 6000.
me, I'll never figure this out.
- Sorry, Max.
- Let's see, six times 10 - Right, Max.
- Now, according to the heat, we must have flown south-- unless we flew north on a hot day.
Max, I just remembered something.
Ezeiza Airport is right outside of Buenos Aires.
Yes, of course, it all fits in-- Ezeiza Airport, the heat, the long trip, the man named Gaucho.
but I think we are in Buenos Aires.
- You did it, Max!
- Well, after all, 99, just how long do they think they can fool Maxwell Smart?
The plan is working perfectly.
Smart will call his Chief on his shoe phone, and while CONTROL is searching Argentina, no one will think to look for us here.
Hello, Chief.
It's me, Max.
Max, where are you?
I thought you and 99 were goners.
No, Chief, we are alive and living in Argentina.
Argentina?
Are you sure?
Are you kidding, Chief?
Have I ever steered you wrong yet?
May I speak to 99, please?
Yes, Chief?
in Argentina?
Yes, Chief.
We're somewhere in Buenos Aires.
They've moved the sonic boom machine here.
All right, 99.
Hold out as long as you can.
We'll mobilize every force at our command.
Right, Chief.
This is a national emergency.
Get me the Strategic Air Command.
Hello, Mr. President?
I'm afraid we're gonna have to make a little apology to Argentina.
a way out of here.
Max, what's behind those cobwebs?
Probably just some more cobwebs.
But it looks like a round metallic object.
You're right, 99, it is a round metallic object.
We'd better take a look at it.
Be careful, Max.
Well, 99, all I have to do now is find some Argentinean who understands my high school Spanish.
Por favor Por favor El policio Yo soy Americano.
Sorry, fellow, don't speak Spanish.
Boy, you're in the wrong neighborhood.
How do you like that?
I gotta pick the only guy in Argentina that doesn't speak Spanish.
very strange going on around here.
Max, look at that sign!
"Car wash".
What does "Car Wash" mean in Spanish?
It means "The car wash".
It means we are still in Washington.
We haven't been anywhere.
We almost fell for it.
Quick, Max, there is only 10 minutes until their sonic boom machine destroys New York.
I'm going back in there.
Max, you can't do that.
You don't even have a gun!
You'll be killed.
This is no time to worry me, 99.
Get going.
Right, Max.
- Reset the dials.
- But-- Reset the dials!
My perfect revenge.
Years ago, Hollywood turned me down.
And now, the whole town wiped out in one big dissolve.
-  - The warning signal.
- Someone is coming.
- It doesn't matter now.
Reset the dials.
All right.
Fade out Hollywood.
All right, get away from that dial.
Set the dial.
All right, drop it.
Get over there.
Now get your hands up.
Up!
Hello, Chief?
Max, I just got word from 99.
Did you get to the machine in time?
- Of course I did.
- Good work, Max.
You know, it's hard to believe that one of these buttons could blow up a whole city.
-  - Max!
Chief, don't tell me that was the button to the office.
Max, you pressed the button to the office!
I asked you not to tell me that.
{END OF EPISODE 06}{START OF EPISODE 07}
You don't know me, I don't know you.
Max, the Chief has a very dangerous assignment for you.
Max?
Max?
Max!
I beg your pardon, miss.
I don't believe we've met.
Max, I meant pretend you don't know me as far as everyone else is concerned.
And use a newspaper.
People can see your lips moving.
Now listen very carefully, Max-- you must memorize this.
KAOS has a secret lab in this hotel.
They're receiving information about the nerve-gas formula from behind the Iron Curtain.
The device used for receiving the information is a tiny amplifier built into an olive with a pimiento.
A CONTROL double agent posing as a waiter has stolen the olive.
Now without it, work on the nerve gas will come to a stop.
You got that?
- Not all of it.
- What part didn't you get?
The part after, "You must memorize this".
Max.
- What does this double agent look like?
- I don't know, Max.
You'll have to try the password on every waiter until you find him.
What's the password?
You say, "Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been"?
And he'll answer, "I've been to London to visit the queen".
"Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been"?
- Right, Max.
- Let me get this straight-- I walk up to every waiter I see and I say, "Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been"?
That's right, Max.
You're right.
This is a dangerous assignment.
Good luck, Max.
Listen, bud, I don't like people to look at me funny.
Well, if you don't like the way I'm looking at you, you're gonna hate what I'm gonna say to you.
Besides, you don't look like the type that would go to England to visit the queen.
Pussycat?
Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been?
I've been to London to visit the queen.
Really?
Would you mind putting me down now?
Here it is.
When you push the pimiento this way, it becomes a receiver.
And when you push it the other way, what does it become?
A pimiento!
Now be very careful.
It's got a very loud speaker in it.
- You've done a good job, pussycat.
- Wait!
Tell the Chief he's gotta take me off this duty.
I just can't be a double agent anymore!
My nerves can't  take it.
There there there, now.
Take it easy, no need to get all upset.
Besides, I think I found your trouble.
You've got a knife in your back.
Annie is here, loud and clear!
- Howdy?
- It's very kind of you to give us an interview during your lunch break, Miss Jones.
Oh, forget that "Miss Jones," buster.
I come from a friendly part of the country.
To you I am Annie-- Ozark Annie, like I am to anyone else among my millions of devoted followers and fans.
Park it.
Hold it!
Don't anybody move.
Sorry, gang, I don't usually bust in on people like this and squeeze their olives, but this is an emergency.
Where's your olive?
Don't tell me you swallowed it.
I swallowed it.
I asked you not to tell me that.
Well, my dear, that may have been the costliest gulp in the course of human history.
What do you mean by that crack?
I'm not at liberty to say what I mean by that crack.
Pardon me.
Hello, Chief?
Boy, there are stranger ones in the city than in the country.
Don't worry, Chief.
I won't let her out of my sight.
She's leaving.
I gotta go.
You fools!
Dummkopfs!
Sissies!
You let the CONTROL double agent steal the olive right out from under your stupid noses?
!
The minute I go away, everything goes kaploot.
But you were here all the time.
You're not making it any easier on yourself, Starker.
If X-40 does not get the olive back, we have no way of receiving the final formula from Popovich.
But I thought the nerve gas was perfected.
Without the final formula, we can only control the emotions of the female.
- What's that?
- It must be X-40 calling in.
Who will hear me on this frequency?
Oh, you'll be heard on X-40's wristwatch und on the missing olive.
X-40 better be calling in to say he has recovered the olive, or else  You'd better give it time to warm up.
Now it's ready.
Siegfried: Hello?
- Howdy?
- X-40: Is that you, Siegfried?
No.
It's me, Annie.
Siegfried: Where are you?
Where are you?
What is this?
Am I on "Candid Camera"?
Siegfried: Answer me!
Where are you?
I ain't telling you.
You just get out of here the way you got in!
X-40: I've been hit.
CONTROL Agent 86 shot me.
Siegfried: What happened to the olive receiver?
Without it, we cannot get Popovich's 6:00 broadcast.
X-40: Somebody swallowed it.
What are you doing in there?
Get out of there!
Get back here immediately!
Goodbye!
Pardon me, miss, could I speak to you for a minute?
- No.
- Good.
Now listen to me, and listen very carefully: your life is in great danger.
You've accidentally swallowed a KAOS communications device.
If you'll just put yourself in my hands, everything will be all right.
- Oh, sure.
- Now wait a minute.
I happen to be a secret agent.
You're kidding.
What's so hard to believe about that?
Well, face it-- you ain't no Sean O'Connery, you know, all handsome and confident.
Just take a look into the mirror, pudding.
Yes.
Well, I happen to be very proud of this disguise.
Disguise?
Actually, I'm a powerfully-built, handsome, blond giant, with sun-bronzed skin, wide-set eyes and a dimple in my chin.
- Let me see.
- Well, that would take hours.
Right now you're to come to my apartment with me.
Uh-huh.
I think I'll take my chances with that, uh - KAOS bunch.
- Siegfried to X-40-- find out who has swallowed the olive, and cut it out of them!
Reckon I'll take my chances with you.
Hey, you know, I ain't never been in a real spy's apartment before.
Max: I brought you here to be sure you're safe.
Hey, you're mighty rugged!
Come on, turn into that handsome fella with the dimples.
Shh!
Okay.
Boy, I bet everything in here looks different from what it is-- like you.
That's right.
For example, take this vase-- now use this if you wanna hit someone who's standing behind you.
You're pulling my lariat.
Go ahead, try it.
Hmm, okay.
-  -  You knew he was there all the time, didn't you?
And you just wanted me to have the pleasure of doing it all by myself.
Oh, I like you, pudding.
You gotta stay looking like this, huh?
Yes, I'm afraid so.
Now here's something that might interest you-- an invisible wall.
An invisible wall?
!
Boy, would I like to see that!
Now, you see, you press this and an invisible wall comes down in the middle of the room.
- "Whar"?
- "Whar"?
Oh, "thar".
Uh, well, you can't really see it, But it's right over "thar"-- there.
Uh, there-- "thar".
It's in the middle of the room.
It'll even stop a bullet.
Wanna try?
Sure.
Where-- where should I aim?
- Oh, just anywhere.
- Okay.
You've done it again!
You are cute!
Excuse me.
Very bad job of engineering.
This is the control for the invisible wall.
This is the remote control for my television set.
-  - There, the wall is down now.
- Would you mind pressing that button?
-    Hello?
Oh, hi there, Chief.
Uh, yes, I have the olive.
Uh, well, there's one little complication, Chief.
It's inside the girl.
Yes, you'd better send over a doctor.
Dr. McTavish.
Right, Chief.
Well, we got a little while to kill.
Oh, sure seems a shame to just stay around here doing nothing till then.
Yes, it certainly does.
Uh, you wanna do something?
You got something in mind?
As a matter of fact, I do.
- For the both of us?
- Well, what I have in mind wouldn't be any fun for just one.
Would you like to sit down on the couch?
Sure.
- Comfy?
- Mm-hmm.
Sure am, pudding.
Okay, you wanna deal, or shall I?
That is gin-gee-boo.
-  - Oh, that must be the doctor.
Remember, you owe me 30¢.
- Doctor?
-  Ja.
- Dr. McTavish?
- Hoot mon.
Where is the wee lassie with the olive in her stomach?
Just a minute, Doctor.
That's a very strange accent you've got there.
- You noticed?
- I certainly did.
Very perceptive.
I was born in Edinburgh, but I studied in Heidelberg.
Oh.
Well, that explains it.
The patient's right over there, Doc.
- Open wide, please.
- Ahh.
Ah, just as I thought.
We have to get you to a hospital.
I have an ambulance downstairs.
Just a minute.
Very clever, Siegfried "McTavish".
How did you know I wasn't a doctor?
Very simple-- you went right to the patient without even complaining about having to make a house call.
You can close your mouth now, Annie.
Thanks.
All right, Smart, you can put your gun away now.
It's no use.
My men are all around you in this room.
All right.
Goethe, Hans, Godzilla.
Uh fellows?
Oh, boy.
Sorry, Siegfried, but we've already exterminated the rats that you infested this place with.
That's telling him, pudding.
Now that wasn't very-- I'm sorry about that, pudding.
Thank you, my dear.
It will be touching having to kill you after this favor, but first-- goodbye, Maxwell Smart!
I shall return, Smart.
Would you mind pushing that button again?
I think we'd better get back to CONTROL.
Yeah.
You'll be safe there.
Ja, according to schedule.
He's coming out the back way.
Starker, Smart does not realize I have the remote control activator for the ejection seat of his car.
Get ready.
Board, out!
CONTROL Intelligence reports they brought her back to a secret laboratory in this hotel, but where?
I can just see Siegfried sitting up there gloating.
You don't happen to see his room number, do you?
No, Max.
But if I know Siegfried, he's up there stuffing his face with food.
Wait a minute, 99.
That's it, you've got it.
What have I got?
Max, if I got it, I have a right to know what it is.
a brilliant idea.
Come on.
Hello, room service, please.
Max, room service won't deliver to the lobby.
Man: Room service.
Room service?
What's going on down there?
I ordered hours ago.
When I order, you will deliver immediately.
Man: I don't understand, sir.
All our deliveries went out.
But where is mine?
I ordered knockwurst, bratwurst, liverwurst, fried sauerkraut and a prune danish.
I see it on the list, but the only order we had for bratwurst, knockwurst, liverwurst, sauerkraut and a prune danish was already delivered to room 602.
What room are you in?
Never mind, I'm not hungry.
- He gave me the room number.
- Max, that was brilliant.
Oh, not really, 99.
It reminded me of an old trick I used years ago in the Oppenheimer case.
You see, I remembered that Oppenheimer was very fond of a jelly doughnut on rye toast with gravy.
Well, the Chief was all for storming room 401, but I was positive that Oppenheimer was in room 802.
Carlson, on the other hand, thought that he was in 903.
Which was it, 401, A call to room service and it confirmed my opinion.
It proved that Oppenheimer was in room 802 just as surely as Siegfried is in room-- Room service, please.
Practically no interference.
Madam, you have a very quiet stomach.
Thanks a lot.
And this room is the fear-gas chamber.
We are safe being in here?
Ja, it only works on females.
- You've seen for yourself.
- Yeah.
In the romance-gas room, the female rabbits are chasing the male rabbits.
And here the females rabbits are shrinking from the male rabbits.
And in both rooms, the male rabbits are just sitting around trying to figure out what the heck it's all about.
If we get Popovich's final formula, it will work on all sexes of every kind.
Ah, between romance and fear, we could rule eight eighths of the world.
- Why not the whole world?
- Don't push it, Starker.
Let's go.
This is Professor Popovich.
Here is the final formula for the nerve gas.
-  - Now cut that out!
Well, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it!
precisely 23° Fahrenheit.
-  - One more hiccup and I will kill you right now.
Wait, I know a sure cure for hiccups.
What is it?
Scare me.
Boo.
It worked.
-  - That was it.
I'll shoot you right now.
No.
All right, Siegfried, drop it!
Hands up!
Pudding, you're as welcome as a new rooster in a henhouse.
What kind of nonsense is this?
There are four of us and only one of him.
Put down your hands, pull out your guns.
He can only shoot one of us.
You're the one.
Please, everybody, hands up.
Pudding, look out!
- Oh, pudding, I'm so glad we-- -   What is it?
What is it?
- Don't you come near me!
- What is it?
-  - What is it?
- You take your thumb out of your mouth!
-  Annie?
Annie?
Annie: Hi.
Take it easy, Annie.
I'm not gonna touch you and I'm not gonna hurt you.
Just-- - Are you all right?
-   What's the matter with you, Annie?
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, - I love you, I love you, I love you.
- Annie, stop it.
- Just take it easy.
- Kiss me, kiss me, kiss me, - kiss me, kiss me.
- Annie, take it easy.
Annie, just take it easy.
You don't know what you're saying.
Ohh, how I love you!
- Kiss me, kiss me, kiss me, kiss me.
- Annie, will you stop it?
!
Get ahold of yourself!
Siegfried is outside.
- We're liable to get killed.
- I know.
Kiss me, kiss-- - 99: Max?
Max, where are you?
-  Max, quick, the back way's clear.
- I'll cover for you.
- I love you.
Kiss me has happened to Annie.
Max, I love you, I love you.
I love you, I love you.
Kiss me
{END OF EPISODE 07}{START OF EPISODE 08}
Is that all of them?
Yes, sir, Spinoza and Dr. Ratton will be right in.
Splendid.
Thank you for showing them in.
Heh, well, you have to compliment them every once in a while, otherwise they get mad and ask for more money.
Gentlemen, Dr. Ratton and I have asked you here for a very vital reason.
The only organization that stands in the way of our total world domination is CONTROL.
They have one thing that gives them an edge.
Do any of you know what it is?
Maxwell Smart, Secret Agent 86.
No, gentlemen.
The one thing that gives CONTROL the upper hand is Hymie, their robot.
We have tried in every conceivable way to get Hymie away from them, but we have failed.
Our only other alternative was to destroy him.
But we have not had the means - until now.
-  You look very familiar.
Have we met before?
That's possible, but I usually wear glasses.
There.
Does that help?
No no.
But don't worry, it'll come back to me.
Dr. Ratton created Hymie, so it seemed only fitting that he should create the means to destroy Hymie.
There he is, gentlemen, the world's most powerful and vicious robot-- Groppo.
Dr. Ratton, the control unit, please.
He has been constructed to seek out and destroy Hymie.
And now, with your permission-- a small demonstration of Groppo's strength.
-  -  Now if two of you gentlemen will pick up that steel bar and hold it in front of Groppo, please.
Groppo, what would you do if this steel bar was Hymie, the CONTROL robot?
Just a sample of what Groppo can do.
Now I am sure you all have questions and perhaps suggestions.
That is why you were invited.
I want you to put Groppo through his paces, test him in any way you like.
You first.
I don't think that's wise.
Don't be ridiculous.
Why do you think I sent for these four men?
- How many?
- Four.
These three and those two.
- Smart.
Maxwell Smart-- - Shh.
- Agent 86!
- Shh.
Thanks a lot, blabbermouth.
Now everyone in the room knows.
A bad mistake, 86-- and your last.
I don't think so.
Stay right where you are.
I'll take that.
Dr. Ratton, over there.
Groppo, open that door.
Now destroy the building.
- No, Groppo!
- Stop!
No!
Live it up, kid.
-  - Groppo!
I'm glad the Chief assigned me to this case, 86.
Between us, I'm sure we can stop this Groppo.
Groppo is a nice name.
I'm looking forward to meeting him.
Hymie, Groppo doesn't want to make friends with you.
He wants to destroy you.
He hates you.
People hate.
Robots love.
Hymie, you're in danger, real danger.
Oh, Hymie's pretty powerful.
I'm sure he can take care of himself.
to understand.
Next to Groppo, Hymie is a Tinkertoy.
Why just look at him.
He's old, used up, - worn out, and he squeaks.
-  No offense, Hymie.
I always thought you liked me, Max.
But I do like you, Hymie.
You're my best friend.
I'm crazy about you.
I want everything in the world that's good for you.
But I wouldn't consider myself a true friend unless I pointed out your faults as well as the good things.
You understand?
Hymie, men don't kiss each other.
In other words, you don't think Hymie has a chance against Groppo.
the latest innovations.
I hate to say it, but Hymie is depreciated.
But Hymie's unique.
According to the latest CONTROL Blue Book, we could trade Hymie even for a 1956 Edsel.
No offense again, Hymie, but you understand.
I told you, men don't kiss each other.
A simple nod will be enough.
Well, 86, what do you think we ought to do?
Well, the first thing we have to do is give Hymie a complete overhaul.
We have to make him better, stronger, faster and smarter than Groppo.
I'll get Dr. Harris on the phone and tell him to get to work on it right away.
Hymie, you'd better hop down to the lab.
Hymie!
You can walk if you want to.
We're going to start by installing the super-strength extensor and flexor springs in the lower legs and work up from there.
- Max.
- What is it, Hymie?
- Hold my hand.
- Of course.
Oh, sorry about that, Hymie.
Now you just relax.
You're not going to feel a thing.
They gave you a shot in your gearbox to numb it.
I know.
Now just lie there and think pleasant thoughts.
All right.
It will be nice to have Groppo as my very own friend.
I thought I was your friend.
You are, but it's not the same.
- Why?
- Because, - well, I'm different.
- Don't be silly, Hymie, just because you're a robot-- Yes.
People point at me, stare at me.
Sometimes they won't wait on me in stores.
I get lonely.
And even you-- Me?
What did I do?
Why don't you ever invite me to your club?
I'll tell you why: because they don't allow my kind there, that's why.
Hymie, that's ridiculous.
Why, I just never invited you to my club because, well-- well, I just never thought you were programmed for golf.
- I could learn.
- Oh, yes, well, in that case, we'll go out this weekend.
- How about that?
- All right.
You're not going to go anyplace unless you take good care of yourself.
- I'm just fine.
- You're not fine.
You're sluggish.
You're rundown and out of tune.
You go around all the time half-charged.
If you're not careful, terrible things could happen.
Like what?
You could end up as a cab in South America.
Excuse me.
- Screwdriver.
- Screwdriver.
- Wrench.
- Wrench.
- Oil can.
- Oil can.
You are certain all the adjustments have been made?
Positive.
He's been programmed completely pro-KAOS and anti-CONTROL.
He'll also continue to search until he finds Hymie.
How can he find Hymie when we cannot?
I've homed him in on Hymie's wavelength, and there isn't another one like it.
Nothing can go wrong?
He will never wear out, he will never run down, and he will obey anyone who holds this unit.
Amazing, Dr. Ratton, amazing.
Just think-- KAOS is the only organization in the world with the ultimate weapon.
And to make sure it stays that way Groppo, destroy Dr. Ratton.
No.
No no, Groppo!
No, Groppo, no-- Groppo seek out and destroy Hymie.
Let nothing stand in your way.
Well, that does it.
Now let's stand him up.
Careful.
Has anybody got a mirror?
Thank you.
Well, what do you think, Hymie?
Cute as ever.
Yes, we know you're cute, Hymie.
But you never tell me.
You're cute.
You say it, but you don't really mean it.
- I do mean it.
- Don't yell.
I'm sorry.
How do you feel?
I'm all right.
Hymie, test your arms.
- How?
- Make a muscle.
Hymie, will you stop that?
You want to dent your head?
I'm sorry, Max.
I couldn't control myself.
I was afraid of that.
Try walking around the room once, Hymie.
What in the world is the matter with him?
His new springs are so powerful, his reflex circuit hasn't adapted yet.
How long will that take?
It's hard to say.
He'll have to go into training.
Of course, he responds very quickly, so it shouldn't take very long.
I'm sorry, Doctor, but we don't have the time.
As soon as Groppo's remote control is fixed, he'll be coming after Hymie.
I'll have to find a place to hide him.
- Wait a minute, I know just the place.
- Where?
A ghost town out on Highway 81.
Max, that's a tourist trap.
Hundreds of people go there every week.
Not that one, Doctor, the one CONTROL built right across the street from it.
CONTROL built a ghost town across the street from a ghost town?
Yes.
In that way no one would be suspicious in case we needed one of our own.
- Oh.
- All right, Hymie, we'll go over to my place, pick up a few things, and then we'll be on our way.
Come on.
Okay, Hymie, pick up your suitcase and let's go.
We're late.
I don't know if my shock absorbers can stand this much longer.
Don't worry, Hymie.
I'll teach you how to use those new springs.
- What's that?
- I don't know.
Watch out!
Come on, Hymie, let's go.
All right, Hymie, we're going to start off by taking a few laps around the town.
But I must warn you before we start that I happen to be one of the greatest long-distance runners in the history of the world.
So you're not expected to make a good showing.
Just try to keep up with me.
- I'll try, Max.
- Okay Hymie, let's go.
On your mark set-- Not "sit," Hymie-- "set".
Sorry, Max.
All right, let's go.
On your mark, get set, go.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on, Hymie, run!
Let's go, Hymie.
Now you're rolling, Hymie.
Come on, run!
Come on, Hymie, run!
- Time.
- 9:37 exactly.
I know what time it is, Hymie.
Will you stop already?
What's the matter with you, Hymie?
You've been moping around all day.
- I'm all right.
- Sure, you're mechanically perfect.
But there's something wrong up here in the old gearbox.
What is it?
I'm lonesome.
Lonesome?
Who are you lonesome for?
For my friends at the office.
- What friends?
- Shirley the intercom, Sid the coffee machine, Trudy the noiseless typewriter, - Rex the elevator-- - Listen, Hymie, I'm sure your friends will understand that this is a very important mission.
If you don't snap out of it, Groppo is going to make scrap iron out of you.
Not if I reason with him.
He's probably just as lonesome as I am.
Hymie, where are you going?
A while ago I happened upon some buttercups in a nearby field.
I thought I'd pick up a few to brighten up the cabin.
Buttercups?
Other than this aversion to violence, Hymie is functioning well?
Well, as far as I can tell, he's as strong and as fast as Groppo.
I just don't know what to do about his mental attitude.
I do.
What is it, Harris?
Several of Hymie's emotional elements have cross-fused, causing all evil impulses to be totally rejected.
Hymie is permanently programmed for good and nice.
Well, we can take care of that very easily.
All you have to do is program him to be mean and then change him back again afterwards.
It would be impossible to change him back.
Hymie would be mean the rest of his life.
- Well, we can't do that to Hymie.
- We have to.
The future of the whole world is at stake.
We've got to convert him first thing in the morning.
If you don't mind, I'd like to be the one to tell him.
Of course, 86.
- When?
- Tomorrow, right after breakfast.
It's not the kind of a thing you tell a fellow on an empty crankcase.
- Hello?
-  Sorry about that, Harris.
Hello.
Oh, hi, 13.
Where?
So close?
Okay, we'll keep an eye out for him.
That was Agent 13.
He says that Groppo was spotted out on the highway, headed in this direction.
According to the way he was traveling, he should be here by morning.
You know what that means, Max.
Yes, I know what it means.
We've got to reprogram Hymie.
- Right.
- You stay here.
I'll go in and prepare him.
Hymie, get up.
I have to talk to you.
Harris, 42, come here.
Listen to this-- "Sorry to leave like this, but I thought about what it would be like to be mean and evil and what it's like to be good and nice.
I've decided nice is nicer.
Love, Hymie".
- He's run out.
- Not only that he burned his control card.
Well, I guess that means we've had it.
No, it does not.
Not yet, we haven't.
Hymie was pushed into this by the forces of greed and evil.
It's up to us to stay here and see that those forces are wiped off the face of the earth forever.
I will fight Groppo.
- You can't.
- You're right.
How about you, Harris?
You look in pretty good shape.
Well, I guess it's me again.
I know that, 42.
I'm also fearless, cunning, resourceful, and have the biggest mouth in the world.
Harris, have you got my boots ready yet?
Here they are, Max.
Your boots are now outfitted with nuclear-powered .
45 caliber bullets, ready to go.
I haven't had time to test the recoil, so be careful when you fire them.
And these cufflinks are powerful grenades.
It's sunup.
Groppo should be here at any minute.
Yes, and when he gets here, I want you two to get out of sight and keep out of sight.
It's remarkable how you can take time to think of our safety, even when your own life is at stake.
Yes, I know, 42.
Besides, Groppo might get mad if he thinks we're ganging up on him.
All right, now you all know what to do.
We don't know where Groppo might be hiding, so the minute anybody sees him, just sing out.
Okay, let's go.
I found him.
Okay, Groppo, that's it.
You're under arrest.
Assault with a deadly weapon, operating without a robot's license-- and pushing.
Hold it, 42.
I'll use my cufflink grenades.
-  -  If there's anything I hate, it's a showoff.
Hold it, Groppo.
Don't come any closer.
These may look like boots, but actually they're deadly weapons.
Give him both barrels, Max.
Got any other ideas, Harris?
- Here, try this.
- A slingshot?
It worked once for David.
I hope Groppo remembers the story.
Forget it.
Hymie.
Groppo!
Hi.
The last time we met, I didn't have a chance to introduce myself.
I'm Hymie.
I've been looking forward to this.
Would you like to sit down and cool your tubes?
How about a nice glass of kerosene and oil?
A quick charge?
Okay, you think of something then.
Perhaps we have some mutual friends-- Ethel the PBX board?
Frances the coffee machine?
Bruce the elevator?
Okay, tough guy, let's see you get out of this one.
- Hey!
-  What do you think you're doing?
Nice is nice, but enough is enough.
Well, Hymie, that's it.
That's the end of Groppo.
Max, you saved my life.
Oh, that's all right, Hymie.
What made you change your mind?
What made you come back?
I couldn't help myself.
I was sure I could reason with Groppo, make him understand, be his friend.
But when he started to hurt you, the oil rushed to my head.
I'm sorry it had to end this way.
Oh, don't worry about it, Hymie.
Groppo was evil.
One good thing came out of it though, Max.
I know that you're my friend now.
You really care about me.
Well, of course I care about you, Hymie.
You saved my life.
Please, Max.
A simple nod will be enough.
{END OF EPISODE 08}{START OF EPISODE 09}
Isn't it exciting, Max?
Only a minute and a half to blast off.
Relax, 99.
If you've seen one $50 million blast off, you've seen them all.
How you coming, fella?
I've got your sound fixed, but your picture tubes are shot.
Oh, well, is there anything you can do about it?
I have to take it into the shop.
Yes, well, we don't have time for that.
Well, there'll be a $50 service charge.
$50 service charge?
Look where I am.
By the way, where am I?
Never mind, just send the bill to the government.
Our government?
Yes.
Now get out.
What do you guys do here, anyway?
Radio voice: Zero minus 90 seconds.
Max, why do they always repeat the instructions in German?
I don't know, 99.
I guess it's the language our best American scientists understand.
Radio voice: Zero minus 30.
All systems are go.
See?
I told you.
It's all routine.
It's not routine, Max.
Something has happened to the last three rockets to cause them to veer off course.
Naturally, we had to destruct.
We suspect electromagnetic interference from a man-made source.
Tell me, General, just how do you destruct a missile in midair?
It's simple.
I press a secret button that triggers an explosive charge within the missile.
What if something should happen to prevent you from pushing the button?
Then Professor Kroeger would take over.
For security reasons, he and I are the only ones who know the exact location of the destruct button.
Ja, mein herr.
Radio voice: Five, four, three, two, one, fire!
Oh, it's beautiful.
Straight as an arrow.
Radio voice: Looks like it's a perfect shot.
Well, I guess we can all sit back and relax.
Something's gone wrong.
It's heading right for the blockhouse.
Make that, "Sit up and worry".
It's heading straight for us.
I've got to destruct.
Stop where you are, General.
Are you out of your mind?
Nein.
We all die together!
Max, not at a time like this.
Do you know what you've just done?
Yes, I've just shot the only man in this room who could have saved our lives.
It's coming right for us!
It's coming right at us!
We don't have time to press all these buttons.
In 10 seconds we'll all be killed.
Max, do something.
Nine, eight, seven, six-- gee, what a great view of the missile.
It's coming right into the window.
Max, we're going to be killed!
Well, Chief, it's not all gravy, you know.
It exploded!
Max, you must have hit the destruct button when you leaned on the panel.
What luck!
Well, not all luck, 99.
a good part of it was using my head.
Max, 99, look at this.
What does the dragon stand for, Chief?
Chief: It means the man behind all this is the evil genius Dr. Yes.
Friends at CONTROL most complimentary to humble me.
However, it is said, "To know who one is, not so important as to know where one is".
Where are we, Max?
We're in Lost Lake, 99.
Well, how can you tell that?
I can't even find it on the map.
Yes, well, when you have animal instincts like I do, 99, you don't need a map.
I can tell by the relationship of the sun to that huge tree over there, plus the fact that that huge tree has a huge sign on it.
Well, 99, I think we should camp here.
According to CONTROL, Dr. Yes's headquarters should be somewhere within a radius of 50 miles.
We've got to find them before the next missile launch tomorrow morning.
Max, do we need all this?
Of course we do, 99.
It's all part of my plan to establish our cover as harmless, fun-loving vacationers.
But snowshoes, Max?
Well, would you believe stupid, harmless, fun-loving vacationers?
Well, 99, that tent was set up in record time, if I do say so myself.
You did a beautiful job.
Thanks, Max.
But where am I supposed to sleep?
Oh, yes, well, we'll have to worry about that later.
Right now I want to find out where that electromagnetic interference is coming from.
But, Max, that's a fishing rod.
Of course it's a fishing rod, 99, but you can't always tell a hook by its cover.
You see, this reel here is actually a homing device.
- And the rod is the antenna.
- What's its range?
As far as you can cast it.
What do you got there?
Oh, this is CONTROL's latest anti-personnel weapon.
It's an electronic mosquito.
If we get captured, we release it and it attacks the enemy viciously.
- Killing them?
- No.
But it keeps them so busy scratching that we can get away.
Good afternoon.
May we be of assistance?
Well, you certainly could if we needed any.
But are you not lost?
Well, of course not.
We know exactly where we are.
Why do you ask?
Because it is strange to find anyone here at Lost Lake.
No one ever comes here.
Well, you're here.
You must have some reason.
We are looking for sport.
We are nothing but simple, harmless, fun-loving vacationers.
Well, how do you like that?
That's what we are.
Well, then there is no reason for you to stay here.
The fishing is terrible.
And the hunting worse.
At night, the insects, they eat you alive.
Not to mention the poisonous snakes, the enormous alligators and the piranhas in the lake.
That sounds like a hotel we spent our vacation at last year.
And they charged us $60 a day.
As you wish, eh?
We warned you, eh?
Lost Lake is a very dangerous place.
If you stay you take your life in your hands.
I don't like it, Max.
They don't look like harmless, fun-loving vacationers to me.
Well, that's where you're wrong, 99, because I know for a fact that that's exactly what they are.
How can you be so sure?
Because when I looked in their camper, I saw two sets of snowshoes.
-  -  The escape chamber.
I will inform Dr. Yes at once.
- You rang?
- Da, Dr. Yes.
Toulouse and Himmel have arrived.
When mice return to nest, Hawk not far behind.
You bring news from above?
Two strangers are camping nearby.
We tried to frighten them off, but they wouldn't leave.
Is indeed worrisome information.
Our business here is far too important to have strangers snooping about.
You agree with Dr. Yes, yes?
- Jawohl.
- Oui.
- Da.
- Sí.
Ah, how lovely it is to hear the word "yes".
It is music to my ears and pomegranates to my soul.
Yes?
- Jawohl.
- Oui.
- Da.
- Sí.
Please to eliminate them in the usual manner.
But that is such a horrible way to die.
Couldn't we just shoot them?
You would dare to disagree with Dr. Yes?
- No.
- Then do as you have been instructed-- both of you.
- Oui.
- Jawohl.
Rest of you, back to work.
- Da.
- Sí.
Any reading at all, Max?
Nothing.
Not a thing.
Three hours of exhaustive searching and nothing, not even a fish.
Man's voice: Help!
Help!
Max, isn't that the camper those two men were in?
- Help!
Help!
- Yes, they must be trapped inside.
Come on, 99.
Man's voice: Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Recorded voice: Help!
Help!
How do you like that, 99?
The old tiny-tape-recorder- in-the-trailer trick.
Max, I think we're onto something.
I knew there was something suspicious about those men.
Now wait a minute, 99, let's not jump to conclusions.
Max, it's a trap!
Max, the walls are closing in on us!
Max, we can't hold the walls back.
What are we going to do?
my oversized mini-Goethe fountain pen.
Right, Max.
Here it is.
- Put it in my mouth.
- Right.
Ohh.
Ohh.
Max, it worked.
Yes.
That takes care of the walls.
Now how are we going to get out of here?
My ring, Max-- my micro-battery-powered diamond-drill ring.
Oh, good.
Let me have it.
I'll cut our way out.
- Right, Max.
- Let me by, 99.
- Ohh.
Oh.
- Let me by, 99.
- I'm trying Max.
- Well, I can't get through.
- I'll move up this way.
- Pull in your stomach.
- Maybe I can go under.
- Go under.
- Okay.
- I've got it.
- You've got it, Max.
-  - A little further down.
- You're getting it, Max.
That's it.
Good.
Not so loud, 99.
Oh, Max, we did it.
Yes, now we have to find those men who tried to kill us.
Look, Max-- footprints.
Come on.
Either the man who made these footprints had webbed feet or-- Fins.
He was wearing swim fins.
That's it, of course.
You're right.
Everything ties in, 99.
That's why we haven't been able to track down that electronic magnetic interference.
It's been underwater.
Come on, let's go change.
Max, look.
It's unbelievable.
Shh.
It's an entire power station under the lake.
No wonder no one could find it.
- Max, look at this!
- Shh.
You think anyone heard it?
We've outwitted, Dr. Yes.
Most humbly beg to disagree.
You told me they were eliminated.
Do you realize I could have you killed for failing to dispose of them?
- Jawohl.
- Oui.
- Da.
- Sí.
Words of agreement have sufficiently soothed me.
Go to the surface and stand guard.
Now then you will tell me who you are, yes?
Yes, Yes.
Uh I'm Maxwell Smart of CONTROL, and this is Agent 99.
And I can tell you this much, Yes-- you'll never get away with what you're doing.
Incidentally, what are you doing?
I am preparing to destroy your Strategic Air Command headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska.
Max is right.
You'll never get away with it.
The installation will be obliterated by your own missiles.
Your government will have to bow to the will of KAOS.
It is said, "A wise lobster knows the power of its own claws".
Yes, well it is also said that "He who lives by the sword--" How does it go, 99?
"Dies by the sword," Max.
Right.
"Dies by the sword".
True, Mr. Smart.
But beg to remind you, your blade is blunted.
Eh, yes.
Well, I beg to remind you that it is often said that "He who has a blunted blade--" how does that one go, 99?
No.
Let me put it another way.
If we don't report in by dark, thousands of troops will swarm into Lost Lake to find us.
Unfortunately, it will be too late.
Please do honor to listen.
Man on radio: All stations Don't tell me they're going to fire the missile.
- All stations, 10 minutes to launch.
- I asked them not to tell me that.
Due to an impending hurricane, the launch time has been moved up to 5:00 this afternoon.
It is more than enough time for me to complete my calculations.
A most excellent breakdown, Natasha.
By adding the barometric pressure, the temperature and the humidity, we will know exactly when to activate the deflecting mechanism.
No wonder they can afford such an expensive setup.
Look at all the money he saves on pencils.
According to my humble calculations, the mechanism will be set for precisely one minute after blastoff.
Yes?
Da.
I will start the generator and warm up the interference device.
Please to follow me to guest room where you can remove wet clothes.
Then I will show you full extent of humble hospitality.
I hope you will be comfortable.
Oh, let me explain most ingenious mechanism.
I simply turn handle, water floods chamber, drowning occupant-- at same time raising float, thus lowering revolving blade, eliminating second guest.
Please to enjoy.
Yes?
Oh, no!
Max!
Max!
Max, the saw!
Max!
Max, do something!
Max!
The drill ring, Max!
The diamond-drill ring!
The ring, Max!
Set deflector mechanism for one minute after launch.
-  - Radio voice: Zero minus 30 seconds.
Radio voice: Zero minus 30 seconds.
Radio voice: Zero minus 15 seconds.
Repeat, zero minus You're too late, Mr. Smart.
In one minute the deflector mechanism takes over.
Yes, but there's still time enough to take care of you, Dr. Yes.
You see, I happen to be an expert at hand-to-hand combat.
However, nail-to-nail-combat I'm not too crazy about.
Radio voice: All systems are go.
All systems are go.
Prepare to fire missile.
Prepare to fire missile.
You have left me with the keenest, sharpest nail of all.
I humbly call it the spoiler.
All I need is scratch you.
You see, the tip is poisoned.
It has been a great pleasure knowing you.
Yes  Your cheek, Yes.
It's on your cheek.
Radio voice: Zero minus 10 seconds.
Repeat, zero minus - You have made me scratch myself.
- Nine, eight, seven, six - The poison - five, four, three -  - two, one, zero-- blast-off.
He's dead, 99.
He turned off the deflector mechanism, Max.
Nothing can happen to the missile now.
Yes.
Well, it is truly written in the heavens by the bird of paradise, that "He who comes to his own end--" How does that go, 99?
Don't tell me it goes like that.
I asked you not to tell me it goes like that.
{END OF EPISODE 09}{START OF EPISODE 10}
Max?
Max?
- Max, where are you?
- I'm right over here, 99.
Oh.
Oh, Max, this is creepy.
I don't think I like London.
- You're just depressed, 99.
- Depressed?
-  - Yes, a foggy day in London Town has you low and it has you down.
Still, I'd feel better if I could see.
Yes.
Well, our first order is to go to the London Palladium.
Now if we can just find someone who can tell us where it is.
I beg your pardon, sir, but can you tell me how I can get to the London Palladium?
The London Palladium?
Certainly.
Now listen carefully: you go two blocks to Chelsea Place, then left to Ambley Lane, sharp right, three blocks till you come to a chemist's shop.
Then you turn right for two blocks till you come to Leicester Square, right two blocks more and there it is-- the Palladium.
Have you got that?
- Not all of it.
- Oh?
Which part didn't you get?
The part after "Now, listen carefully".
Oh.
- What's the trouble here?
- The gentleman is lost.
- He's looking for the Palladium.
- Palladium?
That's only two blocks east of Scotland Yard.
Oh, splendid.
Now, how do we get to Scotland Yard?
Well, you-- excuse me, sir, how do you find Scotland Yard?
I beg your pardon, ma'am, how do you find Scotland Yard?
I'm terribly sorry, but we just arrived from the United States.
Listen, I have a flashlight.
Why don't we go and look for it and if we find it, we'll send someone back for you?
Awfully nice of you.
Thank you.
- Isn't it a lovely evening?
- Lovely.
Max, we've gotta get organized.
- Open the sealed orders.
- Right, 99.
- What does it say, Max?
- "Dear Max and 99, welcome to London".
That was nice of the Chief.
"You are to contact Agent 37 at the London Palladium.
He will have instructions on how you can locate and capture an American gangster known as 'The Scar.
' Although The Scar has never been photographed, he can be easily recognized by the ugly four-inch scar on his left cheek".
- The ugly what?
- Four-inch scar on his left cheek, 99-- like the one on that fellow over there.
What a coincidence.
You're lookin' for me and I'm lookin' for you.
Eh.
Now wait a minute, Scar.
- Can't we talk this over?
-  Max, how did you do that?
!
I'm surprised he fell for it, 99-- the old gun-in-the- flashlight trick.
What's that, Max?
"Green Park, the boathouse, Tuesday".
- What could that mean?
- I don't know, 99.
Let's look at the rest of our orders.
"After taking care of The Scar, proceed to the Crashing Boar Pub where the barmaid will direct you to British CONTROL".
Well, how do we find the Crashing Boar Pub?
I don't know, 99, but we'll do a lot better once we get out of this hotel room.
How will the barmaid know us, Max?
It's really quite simple, 99-- there's a password.
Watch.
What will it be, love?
"Never before in the history of human endeavor have so many given so much to so few".
Oh, you want to get to British CONTROL, eh?
Why didn't you say so?
Max and 99, I'd like you to meet my British counterpart, Commander Hathaway.
- How do you do?
- How do you do?
- This is my secretary, Miss Van Cleef.
- How do you do?
That will be all for now, Van Cleef.
Please see that we are not disturbed.
- Very good, sir.
- Please be seated.
My sources tell me The Scar is no longer with us.
Yes, that's correct.
He made the fatal mistake of pulling a gun on the fastest flashlight in London.
- You feel up to another assignment?
- Are you kidding, Chief?
- You know I'll do anything.
- Good.
Then you'll replace The Scar and infiltrate a gang of criminal cutthroats.
Uh, before we continue, we have a security problem here.
Allow me to lower the Umbrella of Silence.
The Umbrella of Silence?
!
England, old boy.
Now then, Max-- now, Max, several years ago a ring of superthieves called the "Scorpion Gang" baffled British authorities with their daring and brilliant robberies.
Each member of the gang wore a scorpion's tattoo.
Each one was a specialist-- one a cat burglar, one a weapons specialist, one an explosives expert, one a driver and their leader, a criminal genius known as "The Dutchman".
Three years ago we finally captured the entire gang and imprisoned them.
Chief: Three weeks ago the Scorpion Gang broke jail and they're here in London planning some spectacular robbery.
Well, how does The Scar tie in with the gang, Chief?
Their explosives expert was killed in the jailbreak.
The Scar was brought in to replace him.
He was brought in from the United States.
So no one in the gang ever saw him.
And since Max has had demolition experience, he's the logical one to replace The Scar and join the gang.
But if you know where the gang is, why don't you just arrest them?
Because we're after a bigger fish-- the one in charge of the entire gang, the one who controls the operation-- X. And there's only one man who can get X. - Who?
- You.
- I?
- You.
Which means you're elected, Mr. Smart.
It goes without saying if the gang finds you out, it will surely mean a swift and painful death.
- Any questions?
- Just one, Commander.
Have you ever considered the advantages of snuff?
The Scorpion Gang will recognize you by the scar on your left cheek, Max.
But the scar is on my right cheek, Chief.
You're looking in the mirror, Max.
Oh.
This is The Scar's explosives kit.
You're familiar with all this, of course?
Well, yes, but I hope I don't have to use it.
We hope not.
You should meet X before the robbery.
If not, make sure you contact me personally for instructions.
Here's my office number.
- Good luck.
- Now remember, Max-- if you forget who you are for an instant, they'll know you're an impostor and you'll be dead.
- Right, Chief.
- Come on, Scar.
- That's you, Max.
- Huh?
- That's you.
- Oh.
Right, Chief.
You'll meet with the Scorpion Gang in the boathouse at Green Park.
Once you join them, your only contact with us will be through 99, and she's in disguise.
I got you, Chief.
Don't worry, I can see through any disguise that 99 might be wearing.
How about you, Chief?
How do fit into this caper?
I've got my own job, Max.
We think there's a KAOS agent in British CONTROL and my secret mission is to ferret him out.
Good luck, Chief.
How about a daisy, governor?
- Get lost, lady.
-  Max, take it, it's your daisy phone.
Chief, that's no lady, that's 99.
Great disguise, 99.
You really had the Chief going there for a while.
- Man: Yeah?
- You advertised for a cook?
What is your specialty?
- Soup.
- You are The Scar.
Dutchman.
You are late, Herr Scar.
I will make the introductions brief.
First, Le Mans the Frenchman, the most daring driver on the continent, and master of the garrote.
Next, El Gato-- daring cat burglar and alarm specialist.
A loyal friend, but a formidable foe.
And finally, the dreaded Turk-- skilled with many weapons and deadly with them all.
Hi.
Here is the layout of the job.
Memorize every detail.
Looking for something, Herr Scar?
Where I come from, Dutchman, we always have a little drink to celebrate the closing of a deal.
There is a corkscrew over there.
A corkscrew?
What for?
Well, here's to the job.
By the way, what is the job?
The Royal Jewels.
Here's to the Royal Jewels.
We strike tonight.
We strike tonight?
We must all be at our best if X's plan is to work.
Tell me, Dutchman, when do we get to meet Mr. X?
Not until the job is completed.
I see.
So we don't get to meet X until after the job is over.
By the way, Dutchman, who is X?
Why?
Give me your complete attention.
- Operator, Operator!
- Operator: I'm sorry, your number is out of order.
All right, what's the plan?
The time is now exactly 4:30.
In five minutes we leave by boat, - cross the lake to the car.
- I drive us to the palace - and park outside the chemist's shop.
- Driving time?
- 44 minutes and 27 seconds.
- Good.
closes to the public at 5:30.
We give them five minutes to clear the palace and lock the jewels in the vault, then move to this spot beneath the Jewel Room.
I take care of the sentry-- here.
Dutchman: Correct, but remember-- no no violence-- unless necessary.
I have exactly seven minutes to gain entry, breach the alarms and admit the others before the sentry makes his second round.
- Guard positions?
- Below.
- Above.
- Inside.
Which brings us to this-- the vault, Herr Scar, considered to be impenetrable-- several inches of the best British steel.
You have less than 30 minutes before the changing of the guard.
How do you propose to crack the time lock?
With this.
Nitro?
You are a cool one, Herr Scar.
Let's get on with it.
It is time.
4:35-- synchronize now.
Let's go.
Cast off!
Let's go.
All right, let's check our watches.
- 5:33.
- 6:00.
- 9:45.
- 8:15.
Perfect.
We're right on schedule.
Let's go.
Pst pst pst.
Commander Hathaway's office.
No, he's not here.
This is Van Cleef, his assistant.
This is Maxwell Smart, Secret Agent 86.
- Who?
- You know, the fellow who joined the Scorpion Gang disguised as The Scar.
Now listen carefully, we're in the middle of robbing the Royal Jewels.
I don't know who X is, the Dutchman is gone and I can't stall much longer.
What'll I do?
Proceed with the robbery.
We have you under surveillance.
We'll close in as soon as you rendezvous with the Dutchman and X. - Right.
-   Drop it.
- What happened?
- The concussion from the explosion.
Forget him.
Get the jewels.
So my old friends El Gato and Le Mans are no more.
Fortunes of war, Dutchman.
Besides, that makes a bigger split for us.
That's right.
I want my share now.
Of course, my friend.
Here is your share.
Eh, you can have my share, Dutchman.
I'm sure X would want it that way.
You're wrong, Mr. Smart.
X wants it all.
And now you, Mr. Smart.
Eh, I'll skip my turn.
Chief, how did you know that Van Cleef was X?
We didn't know, Max.
The Chief thought she was the KAOS agent and we followed her here.
I see-- then as X, Van Cleef used her position at CONTROL to engineer the jailbreak and plan the robbery.
But as a double agent she had to kill the Dutchman in order to get the jewels for KAOS.
Yes, it's all very simple except for one thing.
What's that?
Why does Commander Hathaway have his arm around Van Cleef?
Mr. Hathaway is the real X and the KAOS agent too.
Tut-tut, my love, where is your gratitude?
After all, Mr. Smart did bring us these pretty jewels.
Now if you'll just nip over and relieve them of their guns, I'll try to get this nasty business over with as quickly as possible.
I have a knife in my back pocket.
No, you don't.
You certainly don't intend to shoot us, Commander?
Oh, but I must, my dear-- to complete the perfect crime.
That way, KAOS gets the Royal Jewels, I get credit for destroying the Scorpion Gang, my cover remains secure, and American CONTROL gets a black eye for your involvement in the robbery.
Only one question remains-- who goes first?
You haven't volunteered for anything lately, Chief.
- Max, what are you doing?
!
- Just this, 99-- don't move, Hathaway, or I'll blow us all to kingdom come.
- You wouldn't dare!
- Try me.
- Quick, thinking, Max.
- Daring move, Max.
Not really, 99.
You see, this nitro bottle happens to be empty.
Max!
- Don't tell me it's not empty, 99.
- It's not empty!
I asked you not to tell me that.
{END OF EPISODE 10}{START OF EPISODE 11}
Max, look!
They've thrown him out of the car!
I'll get him, 99.
You follow me in the car.
Right, Max.
Okay  It's his aide.
Listen, we've got to talk to you.
Do you have an appointment?
An appointment?
!
What are you talking about?
You were just thrown out of a moving car.
What happened?
I'm sorry.
I cannot give out any information unless it is first approved by our press secretary.
Do you realize that you're dying?
I'm sorry.
I cannot give you any information about that either.
Listen, we're CONTROL agents.
We've got to find out who kidnapped your prime minister and we've gotta get him back.
Oh, I'd better make a note of that.
He always wants to know in the morning what he's been doing.
Will you forget protocol?
Tell us what happened!
There were two men hidden in the back seat.
They pushed me out of the car.
Can you tell us anything at all about them?
Well, outside of the fact that they were amazingly ruthless they were surprisingly polite.
Well, of course, after all, you're a stranger in this country.
There is such a thing as good old American hospitality, you know.
they were polite?
Yes, before he pushed me out, one of them said, "Fare thee well and get ye lost".
"Fare thee well and get ye lost".
Well, that narrows it down, 99.
- To who?
- Richard Burton or Laurence Olivier.
Max, we've got to get him help.
I-- I--  What did he say, Max?
He asked me to get my knee off his chest.
- Chief?
- Not now, Larrabee.
Max, I don't know what I'm going to do about you.
You bungle assignment after assignment!
I resent that, Chief.
- Do you deny it?
- No, but I resent it.
The kidnapping of the Boluvian prime minister can cause international repercussions.
Now I have to go over to their consulate and apologize.
Now what am I going to say to them?
Well, if you don't say anything, Chief, maybe they won't know that he's missing.
- And I'm certainly not gonna tell 'em.
- Max!
- Chief?
- Not now, Larrabee!
If we don't rescue the prime minister, I'm going to see to it that you are held personally responsible.
Don't worry, Chief.
We're gonna find the prime minister.
Say, that is a nice tie you're wearing there, Chief.
But it has a little thread right on the end of it.
- I'll get it for you.
- Don't bother.
No bother at all, Chief.
There we are.
There, it's gone.
- Chief?
- What is it, Larrabee?
!
I thought this might be important.
The three motorcycle policemen that Max picked were found bound and gagged in a deserted warehouse.
Of course that's important.
Why did you wait till now to tell me?
- Is there anything else?
- They found a black leather jacket with a purple knight insignia on it behind some packing cases.
- Thanks, Larrabee.
- Right, Chief.
Purple knight?
Wait a minute, Chief!
Remember when the prime minister's personal secretary was thrown out of the car?
He said that one of the guys who threw him out said, "Fare thee well and get ye lost".
This is the break we've been waiting for.
The men we're looking for are the Purple Knights.
Of course, the Purple Knights.
The Purple Knights!
It's gotta be the Purple Knights!
It's so clear now.
Who else could it be but the Purple Knights?
One question, Chief.
Who are the Purple Knights?
They're a hippie motorcycle gang who are trying to escape reality by pretending to be like King Arthur and his men.
Well, do you think it's possible that KAOS could have hired them to kidnap the prime minister?
There's only one way to make sure-- we'll have to get someone to infiltrate that gang and find out.
Oh, well, 99 and I will go, Chief.
- Now where can we find them?
- They usually hang out on the west side of town, on D Street, at a place called Dee Dee's Diner.
Well, I've got to go over to the consulate.
- Chief?
- What?
That tie doesn't go with that suit.
- Oh.
-   Here you are, Primey.
Like, KAOS said to feed thee well, man, and thou will eatest as well as us.
One chili dog and a pistachio moo juice.
I, like, had to feed the foreign face, babe.
Didst thou miss me, doll?
Oh, forsooth, 'tis groovy to see by thine kisser how much thou lovest me.
Max!
I thought you'd never find the brake!
I didn't.
I ran out of gas.
Hey, thou toolest a wicked bike, man.
Where'd you learn to ride like that?
I took a driver education course at reform school.
I diggeth your sled the most, man.
Where'd you get it?
In Toledo.
We stole it from a cop.
Yes, while he was riding it.
Who are thee?
Well, you can just call me Wheels.
The chick's name is Legs.
I'm Brute, the boss cat around here.
And yon kitten is Doll Baby.
Well, nice to meet you, Doll Baby.
Wheels, thou shaketh hands the most.
Well, you don't exactly have a weak grip yourself.
Pucker up, Legs.
I wanna meet thee next.
Hey, thou hath strong arms, Legs.
Yes, well, now that the formalities are over, what do you cats do for kicks around here?
Oh, we doth do the usual constructive things, man, like insulting the fuzz and terrorizing towns.
Big deal.
We do the same thing, only we terrorize taco stands.
You're putting us on.
Well, there are only two of us.
We have to terrorize small.
Did ye ever think of joining up with bigger gangs, Wheels?
An important gang, like us?
Give me one good reason.
Me.
Give me one bad reason.
- Light?
- No, thanks.
- Forget it, man.
- Forget it, man.
Yes, okay.
Tell me, Brute, what do you guys do for bread around here?
Oh, we do a little job every now and then.
Like, we're for hire if the price is right.
Thou diggest?
Hey, Zombie!
Put another hundred bucks in the jukebox.
So what dost thou say, Wheels?
Wanna join up with us?
Well, I'm not quite sure, Doll Baby.
I'll need a little time to think it over.
How much time pretty boy?
- That's plenty.
- Not so fast, Dad.
Thou canst not join the Purple Knights without first passing a little test.
Oh, a little test in terrorizing, eh?
Okay, what'll it be?
Oral or written?
Let's just say it's a test by combat.
A little jousting match.
You dig?
Well, I'm not quite sure that I want to-- Hey, it's my turn.
- Thee must joust with me.
- I accept.
For reasons of my own, Dad, ye gotta do combat with me.
Only, first, we gotta take your measurements.
My measurements?
Oh, for a club jacket when I pass.
For a pine box when thou fails.
Doll Baby: Let the joust begin!
The rules of combat!
"Rules of combat: When Doll Baby signaleth, thou two jousters will rideth towards each other.
First cat to knock the other cat off his sled winneth, the other loseth".
Arm the jousters!
Max, he's an expert at this.
If he knocks you off, that's the end of us and our mission.
Don't worry, 99, I've had a lot of experience with these things.
Be careful, Max.
Doll Baby: Jousters, mount thy steeds and take thy places.
-  - Knock it off!
Art thou ready, Brute?
Crazy!
Art thou ready, Wheels?
The readiest!
Max, that was a brilliant maneuver!
- How did you do it?
- I sneezed.
Max, you've gotta do something.
He's too good.
You can't rely on luck forever.
- There's only one thing we can do, 99.
- What's that?
- Cheat.
- How?
- St. Louis, 1962.
- Good thinking, Max.
Jousters, get thee set again.
Go!
Thee did it, thee did it!
I want to be the first to congratulate ye.
All right, Doll Baby, let's shake hands again.
I guess that makes Wheels a knight, huh?
For a day.
Okay, now hear me good, thou cats, this here knave, having lucked and cheated his way through trial by combat, is hereby dubbed a loyal and dishonorable member of the Purple Knights.
Like, easy, man.
Thou doesn't want to cause an accident.
Keep them busy.
Now I'll have a chance to find out if they know anything about the prime minister.
Right, Max.
I toast thee, baby-- to my knight in shining leather.
I'll drink to that.
All right, break it up, you two.
- I feel like dancing.
- Thanks, but I'm not in the mood.
Buzz off, varlet.
Tell me, Doll Baby, what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?
Like, living, man, now that I met you.
I thought you and Brute were terrorizing around together.
Not anymore.
He terrorizes crude.
Hmm.
Yeah, he ain't got no class.
Like, wow.
I doth dig your way with words.
That's why I flipped for you the second I saw you.
You're not like the others.
Oh?
What makes me so different from all the others?
Well, you're handsome, charming, intelligent and absolutely fearless.
Exactly.
Thou shaketh a mean hip, Legs.
Thanks, Brute.
Yeah, thou art the most.
Ye can ride double with me any time.
I dig you, Brute, but it takes an awful lot of bread to keep me in leather.
And I got a bakery in yon room.
- Show me.
- Ooh, patience, lass, patience.
Listen, if you don't like it here, why don't you cut out?
You must be jesting, man.
Brute'll scrap anybody who tries to get out before he gets rid of that joker in the backroom.
I see.
Tell me, that joker in the backroom wouldn't be a guy about 5'10" tall, green eyes, a black mustache and carrying an attache case with the seal of a foreign government on its flap, would he?
Like, yeah.
How could you tell?
Eh lucky guess.
They even sleep mean.
Max, we made it.
Now all we have to do is unchain the prime minister and get him out of here.
Right.
Max!
Don't tell me there's someone in those boots, 99.
There's someone in those boots.
I asked you not to tell me that.
And just where doth thee think you're going, man?
Eh yes.
Well, you see, when I have nightmares, I always crawl in my sleep.
And what's thine excuse?
Mine?
I've been traveling so long with Wheels I share his nightmares.
Ye can both knock it off.
I figured you two for a couple of phonies right from the start.
- Ye ain't like the rest of us.
- Oh, really?
Whateth maketh thou thay thateth?
- Why do you say that?
- Ye don't need a haircut.
I can tell ye from she without guessing.
You call her "99".
You know, this cat's the prime minister.
And you're wearing a shirt that says "CONTROL Bowling Team".
Well, I gotta go along with him on that one.
- The man is right.
He's right.
- Get 'em out of here!
You can't do it to him!
Thou will see, fair maid.
We're gonna split.
When we split, lady, so does your friend.
- No!
- Brute: Hey, stay put, chick-- right where thou art.
Thee, I want nothing to happen to.
Dig?
Hey, Wheels, aren't thou gonna wish us bon voyage?
You'd better reconsider, Brute.
I'm warning ya.
Art thou kidding, man?
Hey, look, we've got the prime minister.
And KAOS will probably pay us double for getting a top CONTROL agent.
I wouldn't be too sure about that, because at this very moment this entire area is being surrounded by 100 highway patrolmen with Doberman pinschers.
Like, I don't dig, man.
Would you dig four deputies and a bloodhound?
Still don't dig.
How about a Boy Scout with rabies?
You don't grab me, baby.
Well, see you in other parts, man.
And I do mean parts.
One!
Two!
Three!
- Max, are you all right?
- Certainly, 99.
You didn't expect a little thing like that to make me go to pieces.
But, Max, I don't understand.
It's almost as if someone Max, look!
They're coming back!
Come on, 99.
Chief, if it wasn't for this young lady, I wouldn't be here today.
Doll Baby, I'd like you to meet the Chief.
Chief, Doll Baby.
Ah!
Don't shake hands, Chief, your wife would never forgive you.
Max, the Boluvian Embassy already called to congratulate us on the safe return of their prime minister.
He's ready to resume his mission.
That's wonderful, Chief.
What is his mission?
He's here to borrow $20 billion from our government.
After what happened, we're lucky his country still wants to take our money.
What would be so terrible if they didn't?
I'm surprised at you, Doll Baby.
If they didn't take our money, they'd have no reason to resent us.
And if they didn't resent us, we could never really be sure that they were our friends.
{END OF EPISODE 11}{START OF EPISODE 12}
Well How about a little of that wine I promised you?
I had it imported from Napa Valley, California.
Lips that touch wine shall never touch mine.
Oh.
Well, that might make drinking this a little difficult.
How about a cigarette?
I don't smoke.
I don't think I understand.
This is health food.
Those matches are for nibbling.
Try one.
Hmm, not bad-- peppermint.
Try one of my cigarettes.
It's, uh tutti-frutti.
Just full of quick energy.
The road to better health is a healthy diet.
Okay, why don't we wash it all down with a little aqua pura?
Mr. Smart, you are so handsome, so sophisticated Je t'adore.
- Oh, is it open?
- No.
Enchantée.
Oh, Mr. Smart-- may I call you Max?
That was a wonderful kiss.
It did seem to send sparks all through me.
Well, I'll drink to that.
What was that, Max?
Oh nothing, really.
Someone just trying to poison me.
- Really?
- Yes.
While I was kissing you, he shot this wire over my head and sent down a poison pellet, but it missed and fell on the bar, right here.
At least, it was right here.
Unless, of course-- don't tell me you put it in my drink.
I put it in your drink.
I asked you not to tell me that.
That poison is a gift from KAOS, Mr. Smart, compliments of Mr. Hercules.
At exactly you will be dead.
What are we doing here, Chief?
I don't need entertainment, I need an antidote.
Max, Backstage at the Follies is our front for the CONTROL lab, and it works perfectly for Dr. Steele.
Dr. Steele?
Our head toxicologist-- the best there is in the field of poison and antidotes.
Well, does this doctor practice or rehearse?
Relax, Max.
Nine out of 10 doctors who get poisoned - come to Dr. Steele.
- Shh!
Well, I've heard of big suitcases, but this is ridiculous.
It's the only way we can keep KAOS from discovering the location of Dr. Steele's lab, Max.
Oh, Doctor.
This is your patient-- the case I was telling you about.
I'll be right with you, Mr. Smart.
- That's Dr. Steele?
- Yes.
The chorus line is her cover.
- Not much of a cover, is it?
- Max!
Well, I'm not dead yet, Chief.
Have a seat, Mr. Smart.
I'm working on your case.
I'm trying to analyze exactly what poison is in your system.
- You haven't finished yet?
- No.
Unfortunately, the opening number ran a little long.
Yes, well, could you please hurry, Doctor?
Oh, one does not hurry the process of scientific research, Mr. Smart.
Oh, would one remember that one is going to die at 1:00 tomorrow afternoon and I'm the one who's the one?
Max, please, Dr. Steele can't find the antidote until she discovers what kind of poison you took.
Try to cooperate.
Imagine a deadly poison released into the bloodstream every second, building, building to its inevitable end, and it doesn't even upset your stomach.
Will you forget the commercial?
What about the antidote?
There.
- The antidote.
- No, it's the poison.
The very same poison the KAOS scientists invented.
I don't understand.
The same poison?
Yes.
I succeeded in discovering the formula weeks ago!
However, I haven't yet been able to master the secret of the delaying action.
Mine is fatal in exactly 30 seconds.
- But I'm certain that I can-- - Man on P.A.: Onstage in two minutes.
You're on, Miss Steele.
Dr. Steele, what about the antidote?
Don't worry, Mr. Smart.
Since I know the formula for the poison, I have no doubt that I can find an antidote.
Well, that's great.
When?
Shouldn't take me more than six months.
Six months?
!
Well, that is, if the show doesn't go on the road.
Maybe I can get another dancing doctor in to help you.
I'm gonna die at 1:00 tomorrow.
I know, Mr. Smart.
I said six months, but it could happen any time.
I'm going to find an answer.
What I don't know is when.
It'll be just my luck to find it tomorrow at 2:00 after you're dead.
You don't know how badly that makes me feel.
It could be tomorrow, or it could be the next day, or it could be in a week, or it could be a month.
Well, as long as it could be, could it be in a half an hour?
Doctor, there must be something you can do.
Well, I've already checked the computer.
Unless I can find an answer between the shows I'm afraid this is official.
"Maxwell Smart, Classification: dead".
- Man on P.A.: Onstage.
- Whoo!
- Excuse me.
- Onstage for rehearsal, Miss Steele.
- But-- - This is the big finale.
This is crazy.
She's crazy!
You're all crazy!
I don't believe I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna get out of here and find another doctor-- a real doctor.
One with funny legs.
Man's voice: You have at least nine hours, perhaps as much as 18, Mr. Smart.
Max's voice: The first doctor gave me from one to two days.
Man's voice: He may be right.
I hope so.
But frankly, I think you'll die at 1:00 PM today.
Max's voice: I have no family-- haven't had a day off since spy school.
There's no way I can crowd 30 years of living into one afternoon.
The only thing I can do is check out quietly.
Help!
Home early, Mr. Smart?
Getting ready for a big evening?
Yes, John.
You might say this is the big one.
I wish I were going.
You will be going someday.
- Huh?
- Listen, John, if I don't see you again, I wanna thank you for everything.
You're moving?
Yes, well, you might say I'm moving on.
After tonight, John, well - this is goodbye.
- Wait a second.
- What about the five bucks you owe me?
- I'll pay you tomorrow.
Max?
Max?
!
I just got back from a case and I heard you were sent home.
- I hope you're not ill.
- Not ill, 99.
- Oh, good.
- Dead.
Max, what are you saying?
!
I'll be dead in one hour and 14 minutes.
Make that one hour, - Max, there must be some mistake.
- There's no mistake, 99.
I've been poisoned and there's absolutely no chance of finding an antidote in time.
But there must be something that can be done.
There's nothing that can be done.
At 1:00 Maxwell Smart will be dead.
Only his legend will live on.
Max, you just can't take your death lying down.
You're right, 99.
- There is something I can do.
- What's that?
Kill the man who's responsible for trying to murder me.
- Do you know who he is?
- No, we've never met, but the girl who poisoned me told me his name was Mr. Hercules.
What girl?
The girl who was in my apartment last night.
I thought you were working last night.
Uh, yes!
Well, a man needs a little relaxation.
After all, all work and no play-- Makes Max a dead boy.
Oh, I'm sorry, Max.
I shouldn't have said that.
Do you know where we can find the girl?
No.
- Well, maybe she left a clue.
-  Shh!
All right, turn around, put your hands up against the wall.
- Come on, move!
Move, turn around!
- But--  Don't.
All right, turn around.
Just who are you?
What do you want?
What are you doing in my apartment?
I'm Elwood Box, and this is no longer your apartment.
This is government property.
- Do you know who I am?
- Yes, I do, Mr. Smart, and you were a wonderful man.
Believe me, my heart broke when I heard that you were dead.
That's not so!
Max is not dead!
Please, let's not complicate matters.
I have orders here from the CONTROL Termination Department to pick up your body.
Not until 1:00, you don't.
Mr. Smart, don't be selfish.
Please don't waste my entire day.
Now can't I have the body a little earlier?
No, you can't have the body a little earlier.
I'd like to use it to try and find my killer.
Very well.
I'll see you at 1:00.
And please do me a favor-- while you're looking, wear a dark suit.
Uh, shoes are optional.
You got a match, 99?
Oh, here's one, Max.
that girl left them here.
- They're peppermint.
- Max, are you delirious?
Here, try one.
You're right.
And these cigarettes are tutti-frutti.
- What do you think it means, Max?
- It's our clue, 99.
Happy's Health Food Shop.
Good afternoon.
The road to better health is a healthy diet.
the girl said to me.
Is one of your customers a girl?
Sometimes.
Describe her, Max.
I really didn't pay that much attention to her, 99.
Let's see.
She was about 5'6", soft blonde hair, deep blue eyes and delicious lips.
Max, she tried to poison you!
Well, it's not all gravy, you know?
What can you tell me about this?
Oh, it's certainly not poison, sir.
It-- it's organically grown peppermint.
- Yes, but what I wanna know-- - Max, look!
Didn't you tell me that the girl told you that the poison was with the compliments of a Mr. Hercules?
Of course-- Hercules Gym.
Listen, can you tell us how we can get to 718 Beacon Street?
It's a pretty far trip.
You-- you go down 14th here and turn left on Clark Street.
And then you want to go further to the-- watch the crossroads.
Forget it!
I'll be dead before you finish!
Come on, 99.
How's the formula for the antidote going, Dr. Steele?
Mm Looks pretty hopeless, but she's still working on it.
Is there anything I can do to help?
- Can you dance?
- I don't think so.
Then forget it.
- Chief?
- What?
It's a miracle!
I found the antidote!
- Are you sure?
- I'm positive.
I'll have it ready for you in a few minutes.
Great work, Dr. Steele.
Now all we have to do is find Max.
Is there time?
We still have 25 minutes.
His homing device!
We'll zero in on him by triangulation.
- Larrabee, turn on the locator.
- Right, Chief.
Man on P.A.: Onstage for rehearsal, Miss Steele.
Dr. Steele, I can't tell you what this means to CONTROL.
You've done it again.
I'm grateful.
Dr. Steele, the antidote?
!
- Oh, it's right there on the table.
- Oh.
- I'll be back in a few minutes.
-  - There it is!
-  Southwest corner of Z Street and 15th.
Come on.
Hold it!
That's this building.
- He's here!
- It's pinpointed right in this room.
What a time for him to forget his coat!
Wait a minute, his shoe phone.
Woman's voice: I'm sorry, the number you are calling has been disconnected.
The subscriber is deceased.
- But-- - This is a recording.
What's wrong, Chief?
The line's dead.
And if I can't find Max in exactly 23 minutes, he'll be dead too.
Oh, good morning.
May I help you?
Yes, well, we'd just like to look around.
Yes, sir.
Are you a member?
- No, as a matter of fact I'm not.
- Today is your lucky day.
Yes, well, so far it's been just about average.
Because today only, you can buy a lifetime membership-- usually a $695 value-- for only $500.
That's almost $200 off.
That's quite a savings, 99.
- I think I might just-- - Max, you have no time.
Oh, right.
How much will it cost to join for 17 minutes?
Oh, we don't need any money down, sir.
We bill you later.
Just sign here.
Yes.
Well, in that case, I'd like to take out a membership for this young lady.
You can just bill me anytime after tonight.
You check that door, I'll check this one.
-  -  Oh, pardon me.
On second thought, you'd better check this one and I'll check that one.
Mr. Smart.
Well if it isn't the health-food Lucrezia Borgia.
- Please raise your hands, Mr. Smart.
- And what if I don't?
- I will shoot you.
- Big deal.
I'm afraid that doesn't worry me anymore.
You see, I'm already dead.
Killing me could become a very bad habit with you.
There's nobody--  telling you about-- the girl who poisoned me.
Janet, 99; 99, Janet.
Mr. Smart, I know you're not concerned about your own life, but I am sure you are concerned about hers.
Now, both your guns, please.
Now move this way.
Hold it.
You go in here.
You, in there.
You, continue down the hall.
Go.
Through the door, Mr. Smart.
Gentlemen, this fight will have to be short.
I have less than 10 minutes, and I have nothing to lose.
Sit down, Mr. Smart.
You're right on time.
I've been expecting you.
Well, you'd certainly never know it from the reception I just got.
Merely a small delaying action.
I wanted you to arrive precisely at this moment so I can personally watch my poison take effect.
What are you, some kind of a nut that likes to see people die?
Yes, it's such a marvelous contrast to my own splendid health.
You have just three minutes, Mr. Smart.
Will you join me in a last drink?
Most certainly not.
That's against regulations.
I happen to be working on a case.
Not even the antidote that will save your life?
Uh, yes.
Well, uh, come to think of it, I think I might have just a little nip.
Not so fast, Mr. Smart.
I want the key to CONTROL's new secret code.
Give me that and the antidote is yours.
- Forget it.
- You haven't much time, Mr. Smart.
Right now your vision is blurring and you're becoming uncoordinated.
Oh, really?
That's what you think.
The information?
Hand me that pad.
Fine, Mr. Smart, now drink up.
Mr. Smart, I thought you were a man of honor.
This is the key to your old code.
That's right, Mr. Hercules.
CONTROL Procedure #3.
I have swallowed the antidote and you have phony information.
The game of espionage is such fun, isn't it?
While you gave me phony information, I gave you a phony antidote.
You've been reading the CONTROL Handbook.
You're wasting precious time.
Play fair with me and I'll play fair with you.
Here's the real antidote.
You have exactly one minute and 30 seconds left.
- Well?
- Well, that's a tough decision to make.
Could we have that drink now?
Well, certainly.
What'll it be-- carrot juice, onion juice or farkleberry juice?
Farkleberry juice?
!
From the bark of the farkleberry tree.
Oh, yes.
Well, that will be fine-- I'll have farkleberry juice.
Good.
I'm a carrot-juice man, myself.
I wonder if I could have my farkleberry juice on the rocks.
Of course.
Cheers.
Ahh Here's your chaser, Mr. Smart.
You have exactly to get the bitter taste of death out of your mouth.
Well, that's 15 seconds more than you have, Mr. Hercules.
- What?
- That's right.
I put the same poison in your drink-- only it kills in 30 seconds.
-  - 99: Help!
Let me out.
Somebody let me out!
Stand back, 99!
Stand back.
- What happened?
- I was locked in there by the girl who poisoned Max.
- Do you know where she went?
- She must be somewhere in the building.
- What does she look like?
- She has blonde hair and she's wearing a candy-striped dress.
Larrabee, go find her.
Where's Max?
- I don't know, Chief.
- Let's look in the gymnasium.
It's too late, Chief!
He is dead!
-  Chief.
- Huh?
What did he say, Chief?
He said would I get my knee off his chest.
Chief, what happened?
Did I die?
No, Max, it's all right, you're alive!
Dr. Steele discovered the antidote, Max.
It came to her during the finale.
You owe her your life.
Well, I'll have to think of a way to repay her, Chief.
Maybe a new cane or a test tube-- what do you think?
You can start by paying her bill.
What bill?
$48?
!
For what?
!
For your life, Max.
But she works for CONTROL.
She developed this on her own time, Max.
But this is ridiculous.
This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of.
I'm not paying this bill!
$48?
That's out of the question!
Forget about it!
I wouldn't pay it if my life depended on it!
It does, Max.
You have to take another dose of this tomorrow, and she has to give it to you if you're to complete your cure.
do you have $48 you could let me have until payday?
{END OF EPISODE 12}{START OF EPISODE 13}
The fuchsia fox fell 50 fathoms from Father's famous fish fry.
All right, 32, I'll take the watch.
You can go home now.
Good morning, Professor Longnecker.
Oh, Smart.
Your turn to guard me again?
Yes, and I must say that I always look forward to the pleasure of your company, Professor.
Thank you, Smart.
I see you didn't forget.
Me?
Forget?
Never!
Forget what?
- Oh, your coffee.
- Yes.
I knew there was something I didn't forget, but I couldn't remember what it was.
Well, Professor, I must say it's certainly an honor being here in your lab.
After all, you are CONTROL's greatest inventor, perhaps the greatest inventor in the world.
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Oh, don't be so modest, Professor.
I understand that this Omega Deltoid Solatron Mark II that you're working on could give CONTROL the means to destroy KAOS.
Yes, if I live to finish it.
Sometimes I get the feeling that my life is in danger.
Professor, I give you my absolute guarantee that with the protective measures around you, it would be impossible for anyone to kill you.
Guns, knives, explosives-- no weapon of any description, could possibly be smuggled into this laboratory.
There is not one single way they could get at you.
Poison!
All right, one.
Professor Longnecker: Smart I must confess something terrible.
You're not going to pay me for the coffee?
All my life I have lied, not being what I said I have.
Smart I have been a fraud.
All right, Professor, cut out the small talk.
You've got to save your strength.
All right, Smart.
I will try to do as you say.
Good.
Tell me the whole story right from the beginning and don't leave out a thing.
All the devices, the inventions-- none of them were my creation.
Are you saying that you stole all your ideas from somebody else?
Yes from the greatest scientific mind in the world today.
His name is-- is Dr. T. -  - Hello, Chief?
This is Max.
How are you, Chief?
Oh, I'm fine, just fine.
Eh, Chief guess who just died.
Well, you remember Professor Longnecker?
Max.
Max, where are you?
Right over here, 99, mopping up all this coffee.
Oh, Max.
How did it happen?
These cheap coffee containers-- the bottom dropped right out of it.
Not the coffee, Max-- Professor Longnecker.
How did he die?
Very slowly.
But how Max, how?
- He was poisoned.
- Oh, Max.
The Chief is really furious.
He says thanks to you CONTROL has lost its greatest scientist.
You know how much respect I've always had for the dead.
I mean, I go to all of the CONTROL funerals.
- I even say some of the eulogies.
- What are you trying to say, Max?
Longnecker was a fraud, a phony and a cheat.
- Max!
- Not one of those inventions-- not one of them were his.
They were all the work of a scientific genius known as "Dr. T." That doesn't seem possible.
But it's true, 99.
I'm telling you, Longnecker told me everything.
Just before he died, he told me everything.
Good, Max.
Who is Dr. T?
Where do we find him?
Would you believe almost everything?
- Hi, Max.
- Oh, hi, 99.
So this is Professor Longnecker's apartment?
It's pretty Bohemian for such a renowned scientist, isn't it?
Yes, well, that's the whole idea, 99, to throw KAOS off the trail.
You see, Professor Longnecker was posing as the creator of a science-fiction comic strip-- "The Girl from Galaxy".
it was a perfect cover.
Except it didn't work.
What are you talking about?
Of course it did.
They didn't kill him here.
They got him in the lab.
Listen, 99, did you find out anything about that restaurant that sold me the poisoned coffee?
Yes, Max.
It was a KAOS front.
They stayed in business almost a year just to get the professor.
Then they packed up and disappeared.
Terrible, isn't it?
It certainly is.
They had the best prune Danish in town.
I'm afraid our troubles with KAOS are just beginning, Max.
They'll do anything to keep us from finishing the Omega Deltoid Solatron Mark II now it looks as though Dr. T is the only one who can do it.
If we don't find him the entire civilized world will be in danger.
Not to mention our side.
if you can find anything.
Right, Max.
Pardon me, I have it on reliable authority that Professor Longnecker was murdered early this morning.
Yes, that's true.
You must be an old friend come to offer condolences.
No, I'm the landlord come to show the apartment.
This way, please.
Hmm.
They seem to be busy in the living room, so I'll show you the bedroom first.
Max, what are we going to do?
Without Dr. T work on the Omega Deltoid Solatron Mark II is at a complete standstill.
Max, look.
Yes, son, what is it?
What can I do for you?
I came to collect for the newspaper.
Professor Longnecker owes me 85¢.
Uh, Professor Longnecker died this morning, dear.
Gee.
Here, I'll take care of it.
Keep the change.
Thanks, miss.
Maybe I can do you a favor sometime.
Anything interesting, Max?
Nothing much, 99.
It's just Professor Longnecker's datebook.
Max, look at this.
Every day Professor Longnecker had lunch at a Chinese restaurant on First Street at 3:00.
Well, what's so strange about that?
Why would he eat then?
Probably because he was hungry.
Max, that restaurant is a good five miles from the lab.
Well, that's not so strange.
The long walk probably made him hungry.
Don't you think we ought to check it out anyway, Max?
Well, all right, 99.
We'll go over there at 3:00 this afternoon.
Max, look.
Max, what did you do?
Just eliminated a KAOS agent.
Well, how could you be sure?
Because, 99, my eagle eye picked out a few things that the ordinary person might not see: first of all, his sponge was absolutely filthy; second, he was using horizontal strokes instead of vertical strokes; and finally, he was holding his squeegee with an overlapping lacrosse grip.
Besides, it's raining and window washers don't work in the rain.
I wasn't finished, 99.
Sorry, Max.
Besides, it's raining and window washers don't work in the rain.
Good thinking, Max.
There's nobody here, Max.
Yes, the food must be terrible.
Well, we got here very quickly.
It's only 20 of 3:00.
Listen to this, 99.
- Sounds very strange.
- What does it say, Max?
"Look in other fortune cookie".
"See me at 3:00, Dr. T." Obviously some sort of code.
It's a straightforward message, Max.
He's going to meet us here at 3:00.
How diabolically clever, a straightforward message.
Only a genius could have thought of that.
Right, Max.
Well, 99, everything is going perfectly.
Not only have we located our quarry, but we've finally beaten KAOS to the punch but not the gun.
Good afternoon, Smart.
Max, it's Siegfried.
I know it's Siegfried.
Tell me, Siegfried, what's a high-class killer like you doing in a place like this?
The same thing you are, Smart.
- Yes, well, as a matter of fact, we were just -  - staying.
- Nobody leaves, not until we have made contact with your friend, Dr. T. Dr. T?
What are you talking about, Siegfried?
I've never heard of a Dr. T. Neither have I. What does he specialize in?
Fortune cookie messages, and the Omega Deltoid Solatron Mark II.
How do you like that?
Two wild lucky guesses.
You fool.
You think we have no other ways of communication?
Of course, the old microphone- in-the-squeegee trick.
Enough of this small talk.
Let us sit down like civilized spies and wait for Dr. T. But first-- gun please!
You too, 99.
Gun please, and no tricks.
I may be a gentleman, but I'm also a deadly killer.
Now at precisely 3:00 Dr. T will enter, I will capture him.
And then I will permanently eliminate both you "und" 99.
So until 3:00, eat, drink and be merry.
Max, it's three minutes till 3:00.
Mmm.
Good.
Pass the Chinese kreplach.
Paper, anybody?
You can read all about it.
Read all about what?
If I told you, you wouldn't have to buy the paper.
Why don't you break down and buy a paper from the kid, Smart?
Because we already subscribe at the office.
How about you, sir?
Buzz off, punk.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm-mmm.
Well, I have to say that this is the worst Chinese food that I've ever eaten.
Well, Siegfried, it's 20 minutes after 3:00.
Now will you believe that Dr. T is not meeting us here?
Ja, I believe you.
Und now it's time for us to say goodbye.
Goodbye.
But, Max, why did Siegfried let us go?
Why didn't he kill us while he had the chance?
Hold it, 99.
- Don't turn around?
- What is it, Max?
Look through my mirrored cufflinks.
It's Siegfried and his henchmen following us in that black car.
Yes, they're waiting for us to lead them to Dr. T. But how can we, Max?
We don't even know who Dr. T is.
We don't.
I do.
You see, 99, besides being a great scientific genius, Dr. T. is also an expert on the skateboard.
What are you talking about, Max?
Chief on speakerphone: The results from the computer analysis, Max?
Not yet, Chief, but I'm positive I'm right.
I mean, it has to be more than a coincidence that that newspaper kid showed up at Longnecker's apartment and the Chinese restaurant too.
Besides, the restaurant is directly across from the school which lets out at 10 minutes to 3:00.
Chief: It's too incredible-- a bubblegum-chewing scientific genius.
Here comes the first card now, Chief.
"Full name-- Tyler J. Tattledove; age-- attends Sequoia Junior High School, eighth grade".
Chief: See, Max?
There's nothing unusual about him.
"Also has master's degree in Analytical Calculus from Chicago University, Ph.
D in Chemical Engineering from Cal Tech".
Chief: Incredible.
Anything else?
Yes.
"I need oil".
Chief: Max, turn it off.
I'm convinced.
Get Tyler Tattledove, Max.
CONTROL needs him.
As good as done, Chief.
I don't know, Max.
Every CONTROL agent is going to be followed by a KAOS agent.
From the second we leave this building, Siegfried will be tailing us.
Don't give it another thought, 99.
Just follow me and I'll show you how to shake a tail.
Max, something's wrong.
I could swear this elevator isn't moving.
It isn't, 99.
A little wiring trick of mine causes the elevator to stand still while the indicator shows it going up.
Max, your resourcefulness is amazing.
Thank you, 99.
By now Siegfried should be searching the heliport on the roof.
Now all we have to do is to walk out of the front door of this building.
Well, that's it, 99.
We've lost him.
Where to, Max?
Max, do you think your trick worked?
There is absolutely no possibility that Siegfried is anywhere within 10 miles of here.
Good afternoon, Smart.
It's amazing how his voice carries though.
Max.
Let's face it, Smart, this high cost of eluding could bankrupt both KAOS and CONTROL.
Unless, of course, we were to join forces for this assignment.
Max, if they find Dr. T, they'll kill him.
"Nein nein," 99.
At a special KAOS meeting we decided that Dr. T, whoever he is, would be much more useful to us alive.
You haven't got a chance, Siegfried.
Very well.
I merely propose you lead me to him, and let the good doctor decide for himself which side he chooses.
All right, Siegfried, I accept your challenge.
Then it is agreed.
You will present your good arguments und I will present our evil ones, und may the worst side win.
Well, Smart, where's your Dr. T?
Will you relax, Siegfried?
The trouble with you is you don't have any patience.
I have all the patience in the world, it's just that waiting bugs me.
Well, you don't have to wait any longer.
He's here.
Dr. T. Hi.
You mean to tell me this itsy-bitsy little kid is the most brilliant scientific mind of our times?
Ridiculous!
It's true maybe?
Yes, it's true, Siegfried.
Son, my name is Maxwell Smart, Agent 86 of CONTROL.
Und I'm Count von Siegfried, Vice President in Charge of Treason for KAOS.
Gosh, what did you want to talk to me about?
Siegfried: Well, that all depends.
First of all, can you prove you're really Dr. T?
Sure.
Mr. Count Siegfried, would you toss that cup in the air, please?
-  -   Amazing!
That's fantastic.
How do you do it?
It's really quite simple, 99.
You just stick your tongue through the gum and blow.
Then you purse your lips.
I meant the little black box, Max.
Oh, that.
You tell them about it, kid.
Oh, sort of on the principle of instantaneous molecular repulsion.
It sets up a kind of electronic force field that repels anything it's directed against.
Right.
Well, Siegfried, are you satisfied?
All except for one thing.
Tell me, Doctor, why were you giving all your miraculous inventions to Professor Longnecker?
Because he needed ideas for the comic strip he was drawing.
It was the least I could do, considering he always bought my newspaper.
I see.
Und now that the subscription has expired, along with the professor, I take it you have no further commitments?
You are a free agent?
Gee, I don't know.
I don't get out of school till 3:00, and two afternoons a week I have little league.
Listen, son, if you come with CONTROL, not only will you play on our baseball team but you'll get to pitch.
You can pitch for the KAOS team too.
Und in our league, the spitball is legal.
Also, our umpires can be bribed.
There's more to life than just baseball, Dr. T. With us you can look forward to a rewarding future of self-sacrifice and hard work for the good of your fellow man.
We have potato chips and soda pop for breakfast, free TV, horror movies, und the right to call Captain Langaroo a fink.
Now wait a minute, Siegfried, you're a little out of line.
That isn't fair.
Look, son, there's one very important thing that you have to remember-- he is on the side of evil; we are on the side of good.
But why is good better than evil?
Eh, why is good better than evil?
Yes, well, everybody knows why good is better than evil.
Why, all you have to do is look at the world around you.
Who always comes out on top?
Who always gets everything they want, the good guys or the bad guys?
Eh, let me put it another way-- enough of this fishmongering!
Which side are you going to choose?
Oh, boy, that's easy.
I'm on the side she's on.
She's a knockout.
I knew he'd do what any red-blooded American boy would do.
Here are the plans for the Omega Deltoid Solatron Mark II, Mr. Smart.
All is not lost for KAOS.
Gun, please.
Come on, 99, your gun.
Quickly.
- Here.
- What is that?
My permit.
You might as well take it.
You use my guns more than I do.
Careful, kid, or else I'll shoot your new lady friend.
You're a bad bad man.
Flattery won't help you now, kid.
Get back, under the table.
Max, look out!
Okay, fatso, that's it.
I shall now proceed to take you apart piece by piece.
Listen, I hope I wasn't out of line with that crack about fatso.
- Can you get it to work?
- I'm trying.
Hurry!
Splendid fight, Smart.
A little noisy, but splendid.
What's wrong?
- I don't know.
- Oh, quick.
Und now you die.
Gosh darn it!
Just in time.
- 99, are you all right?
- Yes, Max.
- How about you, Dr. T?
- I'm okay, But if you'll excuse me, I have to get home before dinner or I'll get a spanking.
Oh, Max, isn't it a fascinating world where you find such a strange combination of childishness and genius?
It certainly is, 99.
No, Max, first you have to put your tongue through it and then you blow.
I know how to do it, 99.
{END OF EPISODE 13}{START OF EPISODE 14}
Max, will you stop pacing?
You're making me nervous.
Making you nervous?
How do you think I feel?
This is the first time I've ever met a king face to face.
Not face to face, Max.
When we enter, we bow low and stay that way until we're told to rise.
I just hope that I don't have to bend over too long.
When the blood rushes to my head, I get a terrific headache.
There is such a thing as protocol.
Is that anything like an aspirin?
We'd better run through the assignment before we meet King Charles.
As you know, King Charles is-- Hyah!
Max, be careful.
Don't hurt that antique armor.
As you know, King Charles is very friendly to our country, but the prime minister hates our country.
Prime ministers always hate our country.
Caronia supplies us with a very valuable mineral, vital to our Project X-2.
If anything happened to the king, the prime minister would cut off our supply and give it to our enemies.
Prime ministers always give it to our enemies.
Max, please listen.
The prime minister is next in line to the throne, and he happens to be the king's half brother Basil.
Half brothers are always called Basil.
Gosh, Chief, those knights must have had a million headaches.
This thing must weigh 30 lbs.
We suspect Basil of hiring KAOS agents to assassinate the king before his coronation on Saturday.
Our job is to protect the king no matter what the risk.
Any questions, Max?
Max: Uh, just one, Chief: how did they get these things off?
Gentlemen, His Highness will see you now.
Gentlemen, His Royal Highness King Charles IX, King of Caronia.
Is His Majesty all right?
Comfortable, but he must have absolute bed rest for two or three days.
Three days?
He might miss the coronation.
That's okay, Chief.
We can tell him all about it.
Max, if Charles isn't crowned king on Saturday, Basil automatically takes over.
The king must be crowned.
Meanwhile, he must be protected.
There's bound to be another attempt on his life.
I can tell you one thing-- I'm certainly glad I'm not Charles.
Mr. Smart, when you saw the king, what did you notice?
- He looked like me.
- It's desperate.
It's dangerous.
One chance in a million.
Then again, it might just work.
Mr. Smart, when a man grows older he begins to believe in fate.
Fate sent you here.
Fate sends you now to replace King Charles.
Yes, well, you can just go and tell fate that I'm not going.
- I could be killed.
- But you must!
We have everything to gain and nothing to lose.
Chief: Colonel von Klaus, Max doesn't know anything about King Charles.
I grant you there's a physical resemblance, but how could he possibly get away with an impersonation?
Von Klaus: In two hours the royal train leaves for Gransburg, our capital.
In that time, with my coaching, he will be King Charles, or my name's not von Klaus.
Chief: Max, it's your duty.
Yes, well, I guess you're right, Chief.
Two hours, eh?
That should be enough time.
Fortunately, I have an infallible memory.
Now when we get off the train at that capital-- whatever the name of that-- what is that?
- Gransburg.
- Gransburg.
That's the place, yes.
When we get off there, I will be exactly like King-- uh, uh, what's his name?
- Charles.
- Charles.
That's the guy.
So you see, you have absolutely nothing to worry about, Colonel uh uh - Von Klaus.
- von Klaus.
That's it.
That's right.
That's a pretty good start.
Where do we go from here, uh uh - Chief.
- Chief.
Exactly.
Is he putting me on?
Let us begin.
First you must learn to speak like His Majesty.
I have a recording of his latest speech.
That won't be necessary, von Klaus.
I've seen enough movies to know how a king talks.
Ah, love, if I were king, what tributary nations I would bring to stoop before your scepter.
The world would be a ruby for your finger ring, and you should have the moon and stars to wear, if I were king.
No, Max, that's not the way a king sounds at all.
So Saturday, when I stand before you all to be crowned king Now that's gonna be a problem, Chief.
I'll never be able to talk like that.
You can if you think like a king.
A king is confident, determined, dignified, proud.
His very manner inspires awe among the common folk.
You look great, Max.
You dare to call a king by his first name?
Beware of your head, my friend.
Above all a king must be daring, strong and brave.
Put this in your scabbard.
- Von Klaus?
- Yes, what is it?
I don't have a scabbard.
- You do now.
-  Let's go over it once more.
Your father's name was?
King Charles Vlll, of Caronia.
- Your mother was?
- Queen Helena of Ruratania.
- And you're engaged to?
- Princess Marta of Esterhagen.
- Your half brother is?
- Basil the Prime Minister.
- and you are?
- Maxwell Smart, Agent 86.
These are pictures of your betrothed Marta, and your half brother Basil.
I hope this one is Basil.
It is.
And Basil will stop at nothing to sit on your throne.
From the moment you leave this train, you'll be facing torture and death.
And loving it.
Prince Basil, we have taken care of King Charles.
Well done, Otto.
- KAOS is very efficient.
- Thank you, sir.
Great news, gentlemen.
My brother is dead.
Saturday I will be crowned king in his place.
All: The king is dead.
Long live the king.
The king lives.
The king lives?
Ah.
Brother.
What a pleasant surprise.
"Pleasant" or "unexpected"?
I wish a word with my brother-- alone.
Do you think that's wise, sire?
You dare to question your king?
Beware of your head, my friend.
Well, Basil, celebrating something?
Just toasting your health, sire.
Well, your concern for my health touches me deeply.
I thought you would still be at the summer palace.
Wasn't the hunting good?
Not for the hunters.
I see.
A toast to the coronation of King Charles.
I'll drink to him uh, me.
You dropped your monocle, sire.
Yes, well, fortunately, I'm wearing my contact monocle.
Your Majesty, a foreign envoy desires an audience with you.
- She awaits without.
- Ah, yes.
Well, a peasant may work from sun to sun, but a monarch's work is never done.
Eh, Basil?
Get out.
- Brother.
- As you wish, sire.
Until we meet again, brother.
Does 99 know who I am?
No, but you may tell her now.
Ah, come in, my dear.
Come in.
I'm very honored to meet you, Your Majesty.
- Is something wrong?
- Oh no.
Uh, it's just that you look exactly like someone I know.
- Max: Ah, your husband?
- No, I'm not married.
Your sweetheart, perhaps?
Well, um, no, I'd say he's more of a friend.
But a handsome and charming fellow, I'm sure.
Well, not as charming as you are, Your Majesty.
So, 99, you'd throw me over for a mere king?
Max, it's you!
I'm so happy to see you!
You seemed a lot happier when you thought I was the king.
But, Max, how did all this happen?
KAOS wounded our king.
He is convalescing until the coronation.
So Max is taking his place.
But how?
- Like this.
- That's amazing!
Yes, isn't it?
Now, secrecy is vital, 99.
If Basil finds out we're CONTROL agents, we've had it.
Now if you'll excuse me, my dear, I'm afraid I must leave you.
Duty calls.
sound like a king.
Whatever happened to plain old Maxwell Smart of CONTROL?
Are you kidding, 99?
This is just another job to me.
Oh, Max, I'm so proud of you.
You dare to put your hands on a king?
Beware of your head, my friend.
So my brother still lives.
You bungler!
But this is impossible.
I saw him fall.
He's alive, you fool.
Time is running out.
You must find Charles and kill him.
- But how?
- Must I do your thinking for you?
Get the girl.
That dummy in there will trade Charles for her safety.
And then?
I may be a half brother, but I do not use half measures.
Kill them both.
Good morning, sire.
I trust you had a refreshing night's sleep.
Splendid, splendid, von Klaus.
How is the king?
Recovering steadily and safely hidden here in the palace.
So is there anything you need?
Uh, how about some new drapes?
And a new robe and a band-aid.
You must be more careful, sire.
You're about to face your greatest test.
Oh, good.
What shall it be this time, von Klaus?
A little etiquette, some fencing, or a royal joust?
I'm ready for anything.
Princess Marta desires an audience with her betrothed.
Oh, really?
Well, do you think that's wise, von Klaus?
I mean after all, Charles is a very sick man.
Not Charles-- you.
Oh.
Well, in that case, show the princess in.
Hear ye, hear ye: announcing the arrival of Her Royal Highness, daughter of the King of Esterhagen, Duchess of Boravia, lady in waiting to the Dowager Queen of Lichtenstein, heiress apparent to the Barony of Lowengrau, grand-niece to the Duke of Graustark, first cousin to the Count of Montevideo, third cousin once removed to the Bürgermeister of Cammembrau, the betrothed of King Charles of Caronia, Her Royal Highness, Princess Marta.
My lord.
Arise, my love.
- What happened?
- You fell down the steps.
Exactly.
Charles!
Before you were always so distant and aloof.
"Distant and aloof"?
I always thought I was a warm and tender person.
When was I ever distant and aloof?
Last week at the Royal Ball, remember?
Oh, yes, of course.
The Royal Ball here at the capital.
No, it was at your summer palace.
You wore a gown of white.
No, I wore blue that night.
Ah, yes.
Now, I remember it well.
Then you and I slipped away from the crowd and went outside.
We strolled the grounds.
We walked your hounds.
We stopped by the fountain for a kiss, I think.
We stopped by the well to give your dogs a drink.
Ah, yes.
now, I remember the well.
Well, enough about the old me.
The new me is a lot more fun.
Max!
Uh, Your Royal Highness.
You dare to interrupt me in the middle of an affair?
Of State?
An urgent matter has arisen, one you must deal with at once or the result will be "KAOS".
"KAOS," my royal foot!
KAOS?
Oh.
Yes, of course.
I'm sorry, my dear, but I'm afraid this will have to wait until later.
Perhaps we can have a little late supper by candlelight.
But, Charles--  Your Highness, this is important.
- What is it, Chief?
- 99 is missing and a messenger brought you this note.
Somehow Basil found out you're an impostor.
He and KAOS will stop at nothing now.
"There is one king too many in Caronia.
We will trade the girl for Charles's whereabouts.
Come to the summer palace at midnight alone".
I've got to save 99.
But you can't.
The king's life's too important.
- He's right, Max.
- I'm sorry.
and I'm going.
And don't try to tell me that I'm walking into a trap.
- You're walking into a trap.
- I asked you not to tell me that.
Remember our agreement.
You may try to find Miss 99, but under no circumstances reveal the whereabouts of the king to the KAOS agents.
Right.
Who are the KAOS agents?
Three men: Heinrich of Holtsau, Kukov of Klutzenglaken, Otto of Ofursengagle.
Heinrich of "Holsbrau," Kukov of "Glutzenhagen," and Otto of, uh how do you spell "Obenfurstengagle"?
- With two Gs.
- With two G-G Now into the palace.
If you need any help, I'll join you.
Right.
You wouldn't care to join me right now, would you?
lmpossible.
You must enter alone.
What if it's a trap?
If it's a trap and they cut off your escape, find your way to Basil's chambers.
Behind the fireplace is a passageway leading to the forest.
How does it open?
There's a panel near the mantel with a candle for a handle.
But before you light the candle, push the panel with your hand, then the mantel will push out and the panel will push in.
But if you light the candle after you push the panel, then the mantel will push in and the panel will push out.
Right.
- Is there another way out?
- You can try the window.
Are you ready to bargain, Mr. Smart?
Who do I have the honor of addressing?
- Heinrich of "Holsbrau"?
- No.
- Kukov of "Klutzenburg"?
- No.
- Otto of "Oberfurstengagle"?
- I am he.
Hmm.
One out of three, that's not bad.
Well, gentlemen, - what am I offered for the king?
- Safe conduct over the border - and 300,000 kronen.
- For who?
- Otto: For you.
- And the girl?
She's with Prince Basil.
Leave her to him.
- No deal.
The girl must go free.
- All right.
Safe conduct over the border and 500,000 kronen.
- For both of us?
- Just the girl.
You stay.
Hmph.
I liked the first deal a lot better.
- Is that your final offer?
- It is.
You give us the king and the girl goes free.
Give you the king and the girl goes free.
Forget it!
The bargaining is over with!
Finished!
Done!
Kaput!
- May I ask one question?
- What is it now?
How do you plan to get out of here?
Oh.
Uh could I hear that last offer again?
All you have to do is lead us to King Charles.
Why can't I just tell you where he is?
- Because you might lie.
- I don't lie!
You'll just have to take my word for it that King Charles is back at the palace.
Thank you.
That's all we wanted to know.
Take him!
Hold it!
Gentlemen, please.
Do you think this is fair, three against one?
Those are the ideal conditions, Mr. Smart.
Splendid, Mr. Smart.
The odds are getting smaller.
Two against one.
That's what you think.
Von Klaus, take them!
Max, you made it!
Yes, 99.
And now it's your turn, brother.
Max, don't.
He's an expert swordsman.
That's correct, my dear.
The finest in all Europe-- perhaps the entire world.
And now, I intend to teach you a lesson that you shall not soon forget.
First I shall nick your ears, then your eyes, your nose, your mouth, and your throat.
Then I shall rip the shirt off your back and the trousers off your skinny little legs.
- Hey!
-  Well, Max, he certainly did deserve it.
That's right, 99.
He never should have said that about my legs.
The border lies over those hills.
Your friends will be waiting there for you.
We cannot thank you enough for what you've done for our country.
Charles has his rightful place on the throne.
You'll always have a place in my heart.
Take this ring and always remember what might have been.
Come with me, Marta.
There's a world outside, and a throne, a woman's throne, here in my heart.
I'm afraid it's not as simple as that, my friend.
You see, Marta is a princess, and sometimes duty to a princess is stronger than love.
Then this is goodbye.
But your ring shall always be on my finger and the touch of your lips on mine.
Sometimes fate makes the wrong men kings.
Goodbye, my friend.
{END OF EPISODE 14}{START OF EPISODE 15}
"The Grateful Dead are alive and living in Beverly Hills".
"Simon and Garfunkel fell off the Tallahatchie Bridge".
- Agent 86.
- I'm hip.
Courier 12.
Did you get the information about the Groovy Guru?
Enough here for the fuzz to peel and freeze.
- Huh?
- Square City.
You know, enough to put him away for life.
You expect me to walk down the street carrying this?
In that outfit, who'll notice?
Uh, yes, well, do you really think that standard courier procedures are necessary here?
We've heard there are purse-snatchers in the area.
- Oh.
- Here's the key.
Yes, well, I wouldn't want to lose this.
The chief says this is a very important case.
Someone's coming.
Quick, emergency park procedure R-17.
- Must've gone the other way.
- Uh, yes.
Why don't we wait for him to turn around?
Back off, baby.
You're steaming up my shades.
Oh.
Yes.
Well, I'd better get this back to the chief.
- I'm gonna split.
- Ciao, man.
Uh, no thanks.
I just ate.
- Man: Oh, yes!
- Groovy Guru?
Wailin' Wanda.
Everything's cool.
Purse with bomb handcuffed to Square's wrist.
- Crazy!
- In 30 minutes, Control headquarters is gonna turn into a freak-out.
Cra-a-zy!
- Mission accomplished, Chief.
- Good work, Max.
No problems?
No problems at all.
Smooth as glass.
Except for a few mashers.
So I guess we really got the goods on the Groovy Guru this time.
- You bet your sweet life we do.
-  I got enough in here to blow this case wide open.
Say, listen, Chief, aren't all our new watches electric?
That's right, Max.
They're battery operated.
That's strange.
For the last half hour, I've been hearing the funniest tick.
- Max!
-  Don't tell me there's a bomb in my purse.
There's a bomb in your purse!
I asked you not to tell me that.
- I'll call the bomb squad.
- Yes, Chief, you do that.
I'm dying to see them in action.
The bomb is handcuffed to him.
Oh, poor Max!
- He was one of the best, 99.
-  - Max: Chief 99.
-  Max, how?
It's really quite simple, Chief.
When I fell down the chute, the purse ripped apart and the bomb fell out.
Oh, Max!
Thank heavens you're all right!
Yes, well, I'll tell you one thing-- If Kaos paid more than $1.98 for this purse, they were robbed.
It's obvious the Groovy Guru is trying to kill us all.
Yes?
Larrabee: Chief, they've just picked up two more of them.
I was afraid of this.
Send them in.
-  - Here they are, Chief.
They're gone, Max.
They can't have gone too far, Chief.
They left their ignitions on.
They look like they're in some kind of trance.
Dozens of kids all over town have suddenly gone into a trance.
- I know it's the Groovy Guru.
- Oh, come on, Chief.
You've got to be kidding.
Nobody takes that act seriously.
Oh no?
You are movin' and groovin' with the Groovy Guru.
That sound is outtasight!
Right?
- Okay, kids, stop dancing for a minute.
-  After my next top-of-the-pops selection, I'm going to fill you in on my nationwide TV special tonight, when you're all going to get the big big message.
Now, more groovy sounds.
You see what I mean?
The kids do whatever the guru tells them.
What's that about a TV special, Chief?
That's what scares me, 99.
The Groovy Guru is going on national television.
Now at least 10 million teenagers will be watching him.
Do you have any idea how much damage can do to this country?
I thought they'd already done it.
They're mild and peaceful now, but we don't know what the big big message is.
Max, the guru must be stopped.
Don't worry, Chief.
Have I ever failed you?
Have I failed you recently?
How about today?
Max, I've got something for you at Dr. Steele's lab, but first I want to tell 99 what her instructions are.
Kaos would never guess that Control's lab is hidden backstage at the Follies, would they, Max?
Yes, and that one of their featured dancers is our top chemist, Dr. Steele.
It's a perfect front.
Back's not bad either, Chief.
Chief, 86, I'll be with you in a minute.
Just take your time, Dr. Steele.
Uh, Max, maybe we'd better wait back at the lab.
Don't be ridiculous, Chief.
It's our duty to stay here and see that Dr. Steele doesn't lose her cover.
Uh, figuratively speaking, of course.
- I'm almost finished.
-  D-do whatever you want, dear.
Max, maybe we'd better wait in the lab.
Those are the pills, agent 86.
I'll just go ahead and change for my next number.
I don't understand why I have to take a pill to tell a lie.
Max, two of our best agents worked on the Groovy Guru case, and both have disappeared.
What happened today proves they've been talking.
Yes, well, you know I wouldn't talk, Chief.
- What if they torture you?
- Hmm?
- What if they torture you?
- Oh, torture.
Well, I can stand the pain if they can stand the screaming.
You know, I don't believe the guru uses torture.
It's my theory that he's developed a subtle but incredibly effective method of extracting information.
That's why I invented those pills to make you lie.
I call them "Gay Deceivers".
Yes, well, Dr. Steele, tell me, how long does it take these pills to work?
Oh, instantaneously.
And my tests in my laboratory prove that they last up to 15 minutes.
-  - Gesundheit.
- Are you catching cold?
- Yes.
Do you know it's the fifth cold I've had this year?
- I don't understand it.
- I don't understand it either.
Uh, why don't you come over to my apartment tonight?
I've got some wonderful, uh, nose drops.
Uh, hello?
Yes yes, he's here.
Chief, it's for you.
Oh, thank you.
Hello, this is the Chief speaking.
Oh, hello, 99.
Good.
Yes, Max has the pills, the lie pills.
Oh, fine.
He'll meet you right outside.
- Good luck, Max.
-  to the missing agents.
She's waiting for you outside.
Now you two are to go to the guru's temple.
- Anything wrong, Max?
- Hmm?
No no no.
Nothing at all, Chief.
Max, this is a big case.
If you crack it, I'll see to it that you get a substantial raise.
I don't want a raise, Chief.
The privilege of working for a dedicated man like you is all the reward I need.
Max?
Max!
- The name is Fred.
- Oh, Max, this is no time for jokes.
We've got to find the guru's temple.
Call a cab.
- There are no taxis around here.
- But, Max-- The name is Fred.
Taxi!
- Where to, buddy?
- I'm not going anywhere.
- Max!
- Fred.
And I'm not in your cab, buddy.
- Are you looking for trouble?
- Yes, I certainly am.
Max, what are you doing?
He's a wise guy.
Chum, how would you like a punch in the nose?
I'd love it.
Okay.
Out!
- Good.
- Max!
Max, please.
Why are you doing this?
Look, buddy, I don't want to slug ya.
I'm bigger than you.
Oh, really?
Well, I happen to be 6'8" and a linebacker for the Green Bay Packers.
Go ahead, slug me.
I want you to.
Please don't fight with him.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
- Just you keep out of this, 99.
- Had enough?
No.
I'd like a little more.
Oh, Max!
Max!
The lie pill!
You took a lie pill!
- I did not.
- All right.
Would you like to kiss me right now?
- I certainly would.
- You took a lie pill.
- Did you like that?
- No.
- This must be the place, 99.
- Right, Max.
First let's make sure that the lie pill's worn off.
Who are you?
Are you kidding?
That's a silly question.
I'm Maxwell Smart, Control's triple-threat agent and the idol of millions of kids from eight to 80.
Good.
It's worn off.
Now, for the first lesson in self-realization and inner knowledge-- the contemplation of the navel.
Your own navel, please.
Huh?
Oh.
Yes.
Who knows which existence is ours?
Last night I dreamed I was a butterfly.
Today am I a butterfly, dreaming I'm a man, hmm?
Hmm?
Contemplate, my children.
I will speak to the guru and return shortly.
wrong here.
That girl isn't a hippie.
She's a Kaos agent.
I saw her picture in the files.
That proves that the guru is linked to Kaos.
Yes.
Well, we'll just have to keep up with this foolishness until we get a chance to see the guru.
Max, I don't think it's foolishness.
I'm beginning to tingle all over.
Me too.
My feet are asleep.
How are your contemplations progressing?
Um, I see doves flying across a blue sky.
Uh, I see boats sailing across a peaceful sea.
You must have a wide-screen navel.
The guru will see you now.
Follow me.
What kind of room is this?
Groovy Guru: It is a room from which there is no escape.
But we just came to meditate with the Groovy Guru.
Tell your bird to cool it, Smart.
We heard your conversation in the other room.
There was a crazy little listening device concealed in the carpet.
The old bug-in-the-rug trick and we fell for it.
You are about to fall again.
Max, look!
Max, where are we?
Groovy Guru: You will dig in a minute, Lady Fuzz.
- Your search is ended.
-  It's the Groovy Guru.
You are hip, Agent 86.
Welcome to the Temple of Meditation and Inner Peace.
Temple, eh?
Looks more like Kaos headquarters to me.
Right again.
You're getting down to the nitty-gritty, baby.
Oh, really?
Well, you forgot about one thing, my friend-- this!
- Bulletproof glass!
- Oh, relax, Max.
Don't get uptight.
My bag is putting out sound, real mind-bending stuff.
That's why them Kaos cats cut me in on the action.
And now meet the swingers who are gonna turn on teenyboppers.
- Go, babies!
-   The Sacred Cows!
Of course!
The Sacred Cows!
Of course it's the Sacred Cows!
It has to be the Sacred Cows!
Who else could it be but the Sacred Cows?
- One question, 99.
- What's that, Max?
Who are the Sacred Cows?
They're the hottest rock and roll group in the country, Max.
Of course.
The Sacred Cows.
Yeah, and with my electronic sound control fed into the amplifier, the swingin' sounds ain't just hip, they are hypnotizing.
Dig!
The missing Control agents!
How awful!
You said it.
They're terrible dancers.
As you can see, their minds are grooving my wavelength.
One word from me and they'd wipe out their own grandmothers.
Okay, cats, freeze the sounds.
Tonight, all of Televisionland's teenagers are gonna be on my wavelength.
And when I say go, they are going to attack all the squares of the establishment, you dig?
And Scooby-Dooby-Doo, Kaos walks right in and take over.
Yes, well, you're not dealing with teenagers here, Guru.
Control will never let you get to those kids.
Oh, correction.
Correction, fuzz.
You two are gonna stop Control once I tune you in and take over your minds.
Okay, boys, from the top.
You're wasting your time, Guru.
I've trained my mind to go completely blank anytime I want it to.
That's right.
He can do that.
Don't speak too soon.
You ain't heard the lyrics yet.
Max, quick!
I'm weakening!
The lie pills!
- I only have one left, 99.
- Break it in half, Max!
- Right.
-  Oh, Max!
- Okay, cats, cool it.
-  All right, Smart, cool it.
Now you're gonna destroy Control.
But for a starter, shoot the chick.
- With what?
- The gun.
The gun in your hand.
What gun?
This isn't a gun.
This is my nephew's rubber duck.
Don't you try putting me on, Jim.
You're in my groove and you will do as I say, right?
- Wrong!
- Get him!
Man, they are both way out.
Come on, I've got to go upstairs for the television rehearsal.
We'll take care of them later.
Max!
Max!
Oh, poor Max!
Are you all right?
Those lie pills are dangerous, 99.
They made my ears ring.
Oh, Max, come on.
We've got to get out of here.
Well, made the scene just in time.
- Where were we?
- Max: Uh, where were we?
Uh, yes.
If I remember correctly, you were just about to kill us.
Thanks, Smart.
Now look at the two groovy red lights.
-  - That's the transmitter eye of the most powerful amplifier in the world.
Like E.S.A. woofed up to a million.
- What does that mean, Max?
- It's hip talk.
It means, "like E.S.A. woofed up to a million".
That's "electronic sound amplification," dumb-dumb.
Up to where a pin drop sounds like an earthquake.
Oh, this gets real loud, friends.
If I was you, I'd do more listening than talking.
'Cause one loud noise and zonk!
No more eardrums.
What you hear is your heartbeats.
Kind of a knocked-out tempo, ain't it?
Ah, now, don't flip, kiddies.
A mosquito must be in the pad with you.
Wild, huh?
Well, I've got to cut out of here.
My show goes on in five minutes.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
I got the transmitter eye set so the sound gets higher and higher until the vibration from your heartbeats are gonna blow your brains apart.
Pow!
I kind of envy you.
It's a groovy way to make the big dropout.
Max, what are we going to do?
One chance-- tuning fork in my watch.
Oh, Max, we couldn't be in worse trouble.
Oh yes, we could, 99.
I think I've got the hiccups.
-  -  it worked, Max!
How did you do it?
This tuning fork set up vibrations too high for the human ear but high enough to shatter.
Max, we've got to get out of here.
The broadcast is about to start.
All you sound trippers and hippies, you gather round the boob tube and tune up high, you dig?
We are through cogitating, we're through meditating, we have given up infiltrating and now we're gonna start demonstrating and eliminating.
So you take your cue from the Groovy Guru and listen while the Sacred Cows lay the big message on you.
Go, man, go!
All right, Guru, that's it.
The show's over.
Stop the music.
Keep it going, Cows.
Well, I did it, 99.
I hope I'm not too late.
I don't know how much of that message got through.
None of it got through, Max.
Don't tell me you pulled the plug.
I pulled the plug, Max.
You asked me not to tell you that, didn't you?
{END OF EPISODE 15}{START OF EPISODE 16}
Right, Sid.
I'll see you in a few minutes.
-  - Hello?
Hello, 99.
Max.
Oh, hello, Max.
Listen, 99, are you free tonight?
Oh.
Well, I'm sitting in for Larrabee, but he should be back soon.
What did you have in mind?
Oh, I don't know.
I thought a few drinks, a little dancing, maybe a late supper.
I'd love that.
Shall I pick you up as usual?
Well, it's not exactly that way, 99.
You see, there's a buddy of mine in town and uh, well, he asked me if I could get him a date.
I thought if you weren't doing anything tonight-- But, Max Oh, one more thing, 99-- I wonder if you could get a girl for me while you're at it.
Nothing special-- about 5'2", blonde hair, blue eyes--  - Who is it?
- Gina Matusik.
Open the door, please.
I must speak to you.
- Who?
- Gina Matusik.
I must speak to you, Mr. Smart.
Please open the door.
Gina Matusik-- for heaven's sake.
I haven't seen you in a long time.
We've never met, Mr. Smart.
That long, eh?
Come on over here and sit down.
There.
Now, what can I do for you?
Kaos has orders to find me and kill me, but I think I've lost them for now.
Why in the world would anyone wanna kill you?
I've been working for Kaos, but I've got to get away and I haven't any money.
I have some very important information for you-- - for $50,000.
- $50,000?
!
That's a lot of money.
Oh look, you're shaking all over.
Why don't you let me get you a drink?
Vodka, please.
Okay, vodka, eh?
Are you sure you're defecting?
- Who is it?
- Max, it's Sid Krimm.
Open up.
It's cold out here.
Uh, in a minute, Sid.
Uh I-I'm not dressed.
Max!
Pussycat!
Sid, it's good to see you again.
You haven't changed a bit.
How long has it been now?
- 15 years.
- You forgot Seoul, Korea, 1952.
Don't you remember?
We said if we both lived through this, we'd get together again, huh, pal?
We almost didn't make it.
- Yeah, that was a tough bar, Sid.
- Remember this one-- Chosin Reservoir?
Remember that-- Pork Chop Hill?
Remember when we had these?
Ha ha ha!
Look out, baby, incoming mail!
Boom!
Watch it, Sid-- hand grenade!
I got it!
I got it!
Holy cow!
What was that?
What do you mean, "What grenade"?
The grenade I just threw out the window.
Oh.
Oh, uh that grenade.
Yes, well, you see, Sid, the State Department is only six blocks from here and they keep getting this building mixed up with it.
That's all part of the excitement of living in Washington.
Come off it, Max.
You're in some kind of trouble.
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm not in any trouble.
Aha, aha, I know-- gang wars.
- You're in the rackets.
- I'm not in anything!
I'm a greeting card salesman.
Oh, yeah?
Greeting card salesman?
- With hand grenades?
- Eh, yes, well, I-- I also sell hand grenades.
I mean, greeting cards and hand grenades are compatible.
Greeting cards and hand grenades go together?
Eh, yes.
Let's look at it like this, Sid-- you see-- there's Mother's Day, right?
And then there's Christmas and-- in between Mother's Day and Christmas, there's, uh-- uh, Hunting Week.
Where are you staying while you're in town, Sid?
Right here, sweetheart!
Right here in your place!
Yeah!
Hey, what's this, the button for the maid?
Don't tell me, sweetheart-- you're also in the business of selling fishing equipment.
Look, Sid, you can go up in my bedroom and sleep in my bed.
The sofa is a little tricky.
"The sofa is a little tricky"?
What's in the bed, quicksand?
Listen-- Max, tell me, what kind of a discharge did you get when you got out of the army?
Honorable, of course.
Why?
Oh, uh, eh, um, nothing, just-just a wild hunch.
Can we get out of the net now?
Oh, the net, right.
Right, Sid.
- Just press the button again.
- Hmm.
Well, enough of this stuff.
Let's get to the action.
Where're the broads?
Broads?
Try to read my lips, dummy-- broads, dames.
Does the word "girl" mean anything to you?
Yes.
Well, I really haven't had a chance to do anything about the girls, but I'll tell you what-- I'll go upstairs and I'll get into my Class A's and then I'll try to arrange something.
In the meantime, have a drink.
Aha, now you're talking, sweetheart.
Now you're talking.
Two Pusan Painkillers coming right up!
Eh, make mine a scotch and soda, Sid.
All right, that's one Pusan Painkiller for the sergeant, and a scotch and soda for the WAC.
No, Chief.
She's wounded.
You'd better call an ambulance.
I don't know what information she had.
She was shot before I could find out.
Kaos thinks you've got the information, Max, or they wouldn't have thrown the grenade.
Go over the whole story again.
There has to be some clue.
I might want more.
Hey, Corporal, where're the broads?
Uh, I'm a little busy, Sid.
Why don't you call them?
- Look in my address book.
- Address book.
- Where is it?
- I don't know, it's down there somewhere.
Look.
All right.
Ahh ha-ha ahh, let's see now-- Shelly, Mary, Francine, Sophie, Barbara, Dorothy uh, Zelda Nan-- Nancy, that's the one!
Bingo!
Hey, Corporal, you haven't lost your touch.
Guess that's the last part of the mind that goes.
Hello, Nancy with the laughing face?
Who's calling, please?
Maxwell Smart here.
What are you doing tonight, baby?
And let's do it together.
- One moment, please.
-  Maestro, Maxwell Smart's calling for your Codename Nancy.
He wants a date.
So Smart does have Matusik's book, - but he doesn't know what it is.
- What should I do?
Let him think you're Nancy.
This is Nancy.
What's on your mind, Max?
Listen, honey, I happen to have a friend of mine in town, a good-looking guy-- Sid Krimm.
And I thought if you and your girlfriend could come over to our place, we could have a wonderful evening.
On second thought, maybe we could go out somewhere.
He wants to go out with me and he needs a date for his friend.
Splendid.
Take Zelda along with you.
It'll give me a chance to search Smart's apartment for the book.
Ahem, okay, Max, and I've got a cute friend named Zelda.
We'll meet you in an hour at - The Pen and Quill.
- The Pen and Quill.
Okay, meet you at The Pen and Quill.
Right.
Action City!
Oh, this is gonna be great.
Right, Chief.
- Got you, Chief.
- Sid: Come on, Max.
Let's go.
I'll be with you in a minute, Chief.
Chief?
Chief-- that's real cute, Max.
What do you call your other shoe-- "Minihaha"?
Look, Sid, if you don't mind, I'm talking to somebody.
Tell him he just missed Custer's Last Stand on the stairway.
Oh, that?
I can explain that, Sid.
Explain?
What for?
I was almost blown up by a hand grenade, I was netted like a trout, I was almost shish-kebabbed with this, and I come in here now and I find you having a powwow with your shoe.
I can explain that, Sid.
I'm telling you I can explain that.
There's nothing to explain.
You are a ding-a-ling.
I'm calling a doctor!
Sid, you gotta give me a chance.
I'm telling you, Sid, I can explain this.
Sid, wait, I can explain.
There's no explaining.
I'm calling the wagon.
Sid, wait!
Well, that's all I can tell you, Sid.
I work for the government, and I'm on a secret mission.
You believe me, don't you?
I believe you.
You read a lot of these spy books, cloak-and-dagger stuff.
No more than anyone else who works for the government on secret missions.
You don't believe me.
I believe you.
Listen, Max, do me a favor, huh?
When we're out with the girls tonight, don't talk into the shoe.
I understand, but they're liable to think you're a little eccentric.
I just got the word from the maestro.
He's sure that Smart has the little black book on him.
He wants us to get him into the back room.
Oh.
The boys will take care of him in there.
Oh, I hope they don't hurt him.
I hate to see people get hurt.
- Especially men.
- Sure.
That must be them.
Yeah yeah.
There they are.
Wait a minute, Sid, those girls look like Kaos.
Yeah yeah yeah, chaos.
You don't understand.
They look like spies.
Sure sure, they're spies.
Maybe one of them will try to kiss me to death and I'll have to sigh for help.
What are you talking about, spies?
I found them in your little black book.
Little black book?
I don't have a little black book.
I've got a little red book.
It was black when I found it on the floor.
It's black now.
So that's what she was trying to sell me.
Remember, Smart has the book.
Now work on him and forget about Krimm.
Which is which?
The dopey one with the beady eyes must be Krimm.
Shh.
- Zelda: Hi.
- Hi, Nancy, Zelda.
Enough of the small talk.
What do you say we go to your place and have a little nightcap, eh?
Relax, honey, we've got all night.
Now tell me, where did you get my number, Max?
I'm Max, he's Sid.
Where did you get our number, Max?
I didn't call you, Sid did.
Where did you get our number, Sid?
Out of the little black book, the one he thinks is red.
All right, Zelda, Nancy, about this little black book-- what is it?
The Kaos code?
Don't ask me, I'm new around here.
Don't play dumb with me, sister.
I happen to be an expert at that.
Okay okay, I'll tell you what you wanna hear, but in private.
- Come on into the back room.
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
The two of you go in the back room, because Zelda and I got a lot of talking to do, huh, honey?
Sid: Uh, bye-bye.
You gotta humor Max.
Poor boy, he thinks he's a spy.
He is.
And he thinks you two girls are spies too.
We are.
Uh-huh, uh-huh, I'm a spy too.
Really?
You don't look like one.
Nancy, stop stalling.
What's so important about this black book?
Boris!
Attaboy, Max.
Don't take no for an answer.
Come on, baby, loosen up.
See?
Nancy and Max are having fun.
Hey, why do you get the wild broads and I get the clams?
Not now, Sid.
I'm busy.
Max!
What are you doing with a gun?
They're all spies, Sid, and I'll shoot the first one that moves.
I know they're all spies, Max, but I'm not a spy.
I'm your old sergeant, Sid.
You wouldn't shoot me, would you, Corporal?
- Of course not, Sergeant.
- Good.
Sorry, old buddy, but I had to save you from yourself.
What started all this?
That book is ours.
Oh?
He's got a red one, anyway.
No hard feelings, okay?
Okay, no hard feelings.
Sid, what happened?
Boy, you started some fight back there.
I got you out of a jam.
Boy, you can get in trouble carrying a gun, old buddy.
You don't understand.
I'm a Control agent!
You certainly lost control back there.
The book!
The little black book-- what happened to the book, Sid?
Max, address books are a dime a dozen.
Don't tell me you gave them the book?
I gave them the book.
I asked you not to tell me that.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute, Sid.
You never forget a number.
Do you remember Nancy's?
- I've got it right up here, pal.
- Good.
With that number, I'll be able to trace the girls and when I find the girls, I'll find Kaos.
And when I find Kaos, I'll find that little black book.
Right?
Wrong.
Wrong?
What do you mean, "wrong"?
I'm not gonna give you that number.
You caused those girls enough trouble.
Sid, you have got to give me that number.
Our whole national security depends upon it.
If I have that number, I may be able to save America from a terrible catastrophe.
Good.
You save America.
I've gotta get me a broad.
I'm so lonely.
All right, Sid.
I didn't wanna do this.
I didn't wanna do it, but you're forcing me into it.
I'm gonna prove to you that this is important.
Hello, Chief?
Uh, I'm sorry to wake you at this hour.
Well, you see, a friend of mine thinks I'm crazy.
Boy, that's some ride for a dime.
Telephone company know about this?
Oh, hi, Max.
Hi, 99.
I'd like you to meet a friend of mine.
Sid, this is 99.
Her name is 99?
I'm very happy to meet you, Sid.
I get it, you old fox.
- What are you talking about?
- Hey, I don't blame you.
If I had something that looked like that, I'd keep her under lock and key.
-  - Has she got a sister?
Uh-oh, now we're in for it-- here comes her old man.
Don't be ridiculous.
That's the chief.
- Hi, Chief.
- This better be important, Max, getting me down here in the middle of the night.
You see, Chief, it's like this-- my buddy Sid here came from out of town to visit me.
And he found the information that Matusik left in my apartment-- it was a little black phone book.
So he gave it to a couple of Kaos agents because-- he thought it was just a little black phone book.
Now he won't give me Nancy's number because he doesn't believe I'm a Control agent.
He thinks I'm crazy.
So I had to bring him down here so you could tell him that I'm a Control agent and I'm not crazy.
Chief, tell him I'm a Control agent and I'm not crazy.
Would you tell him I'm a Control agent?
- He's a Control agent.
- Max: There you are, Sid.
You see, I'm a Control agent and so is the chief and so is 99.
Now, do you understand?
I understand.
You're all bananas.
I don't think we can convince him, Chief.
- Why don't you try the hotline?
- That's a great idea, Chief.
Try the hotline to the White House.
Not at this time of the morning.
Absolutely impossible.
I've only got three years to retirement.
But, Chief, this is an emergency.
- If you don't call, I will.
- I'll call.
Good morning, sir.
It is important, sir.
Yes, sir, I know I have only three years to retirement, but well, sir, this friend of Agent Smart's-- Sorry, sir.
Anyway, his friend has a phone number that could help us crack Kaos wide open, but he won't give us the number because he doesn't believe we're who we are.
Yes, sir, you can talk to him.
He wants to talk to you.
What is this, Dial-A-Cow?
I'll make you feel at home.
Hello?
Yeah.
Oh, sure.
Oh, sure you are.
Yeah, wonderful.
And I'm Sidney Bird.
Oh oh oh, all right, sure-- You're who?
Bless night-- uh, good-- good night.
Do you believe us now, Sid?
What are you standing around for?
Let's get the barbecue on the road.
You, old man, four coffee and danish.
And you, Mata Hari-- a map and a phone book.
And you, dummy, a pencil and a paper.
Come on, hurry up.
Let's move it!
Move it!
Listen, I gotta tell you guys something-- I've never met him, but I use his baby powder.
Relax, Sid.
Sit down, make yourself comfortable.
This won't take long.
I'll be back in a couple hours.
What do you mean?
I'm going along.
Don't be ridiculous.
This kind of a job calls for a man with a cool head, steel nerves - and fantastic reflexes.
-  Listen, Max, I think you'd better let me go along.
Smart's in there, all right.
Yes, the maestro was right-- He's going after that little black book.
Hmm.
He's gonna have to settle for a little black box.
I need him to make this week's quota.
I don't understand you, Sid.
I'm a secret agent, I have to go.
But what's your angle?
What do you mean what's my angle?
I wanna defend my country too.
And you happen to be my buddy.
And, besides, I happen to know that every secret agent gets all the broads.
You're not going.
That's it, forget it!
That's final!
You're not going!
If you don't take me along, I'm gonna spill everything I know about Control headquarters.
All right, you can go, but no gun.
Here.
You're liable to get trigger-happy and get your fool head shot off.
Sid: Oh, great thinking, Max.
Great.
Without a gun, I'm a sitting duck.
That makes one sitting duck and one dead duck.
{END OF EPISODE 16}{START OF EPISODE 17}
Smart's in there all right.
The Maestro was right.
He's going after that little black book.
Hmm.
He's going to have to settle for a little black box.
I need him to make this week's quota.
I don't understand you, Sid.
I'm a secret agent.
I have to go, but what's your angle?
What do you mean, what's my angle?
I want to defend my country too.
And you happen to be my buddy.
And besides, I happen to know that every secret agent gets all the broads.
You're not going.
That's it.
Forget it.
That's final.
You're not going.
If you don't take me along, I'll spill everything I know about CONTROL headquarters.
All right, you can go, but no gun.
Here.
Max: You're liable to get trigger-happy and get your fool head shot off.
Sid: Oh, great thinking, Max, great.
Without a gun, I'm a sitting duck.
That's one sitting duck and one dead duck.
Well?
Well?
Well?
Well, he moved, that's what's well.
But you can't have a gun, Sid.
You don't have a license to kill.
But, Max, this is an emergency.
Can't you get me a learner's permit?
Sid, will you forget about it?
Do us both a favor-- stay here.
Now, look, I know you were a very tough guy when we were in the army together, but that's 15 years ago.
Now wait a minute, Max.
I gave that little black book away, and I think it's only fair I get it back for you.
Besides, I don't think KAOS is as dangerous as this apartment.
I get the feeling I'm going to get creamed by one of your dizzy booby traps.
What does this do, release the lions?
No, the lion button is downstairs.
This, eh well, to tell you the truth, I forget what this does, But whatever it does, it's obviously not working.
Hmm.
There he is, and here he goes.
Boy, pal, that was a close call.
Yes, thanks to you, CONTROL's top agent has been saved again.
- Thanks to me?
- Yes, come on, I'll show you.
I just remembered what that button does.
It activates this-- the old Maxwell-Smart-silhouette- on-the-window-shade trick.
That's the second time KAOS has fallen for it this month.
Fool, you missed him.
The Maestro will be furious.
- You shot a shade.
- A shade isn't going to talk.
Besides, they go out the back way, my boys will get 'em.
Either way, I make my quota.
Let's get out of here.
They're trying to kill us.
Hmm, you may be right.
Here, take this, Sid.
Come on.
- Wait a minute.
- What's the matter, Max?
Don't you know your way out of your own building?
They're expecting us to come out the front.
We'll fool them and go out the back.
Come on, Sid, the coast is clear.
Except for these three cold-blooded killers.
Max, how did you get all three?
Together: The old three-way-gun trick.
Max, the cops.
Cops!
Let's get out of here.
-  -   What are you doing?
I'd better make it look like suicide.
- Oh.
- Come on.
-  - It's okay, Max.
The cops are here.
You've got a lot to learn about the secret agent business, Sid.
That's the oldest trick in the world.
Oh, the old KAOS-killers-dressed-up- like-cops- in-order-to-fool-CONTROL-agent- and-old-army-buddy trick.
Something like that.
Now, look, remember that night in Pusan when we played patty cake?
- Yeah, when we belted them.
- Right.
Both: Patty-cake, patty-cake, baker's man.
Bake me a cake as fast-- The old Pusan-patty-cake trick, huh?
Sergeant, this officer is making a very big mistake, but I'm willing to let bygones be bygones if he is.
Okay, Clarence Darrow, can it.
Now then-- name and occupation?
Uh, Maxwell Smart.
I'm in the greeting card business.
Sid Krimm, sir.
I sell wedding gowns and I'm a part-time spy.
Wedding gowns and part-time spy?
That's right, sir.
He's a full-time spy and he sells greeting cards as his cover.
Uh, Sergeant we were in the war together and he had a pretty tough time.
He's a little shell-shocked.
He thinks he's a spy.
What are you talking about?
Sid, this situation calls for the truth.
What do you mean?
Did we or did we not have a hand grenade thrown at us?
Did we or did we not fall through the phone booth into CONTROL headquarters?
And did I or did I not talk to the President on the steer horn?
- Well?
- I suppose you're going to tell me now you want to talk to the President of the United states again?
You're darn right I do.
You see what I mean, Sergeant?
He's really pretty far gone.
That's it.
I've had it.
I'm not out of my mind, and you guys aren't going to railroad me.
I want a lawyer.
I want a trial.
I know my rights.
I want a psychiatrist.
You guys think I'm crazy?
I've had it with you guys.
All right, Sid, we spent the night in jail, we spent the day in court.
Now you've got the psychiatrist.
If you'll just do as I say and pretend you're out of your mind, they'll put you in my custody and we can get out of here.
Max, I can't go through life with the reputation that I'm bananas.
My chair.
Oh, yes, sorry about that, Doctor.
It's all right.
All right.
Mr. Krimm, do you still insist that you're on a secret mission?
Tell me, when did you first decide that you needed more excitement in your life?
What excitement?
Who needed excitement?
All I ever wanted was a home in a suburb and a couple of wives and a kid and a dog.
That's all, Doc.
You see?
You see what I was talking about, Doc?
That's perfectly normal.
I've been married three times myself.
Don't interrupt anymore, Mr. Smart.
Hmm?
Uh, Mr. Krimm, let's go back to your childhood.
Tell me about your father.
How did you feel about him?
- Did you hate him?
- I was very fond of my dad.
He was a great guy.
We had a lot in common-- football, baseball and when I grew up, broads.
Your father took you to baseball and football games?
No, he got me the broads.
Oh.
Gee, my father never got me anything.
He wouldn't even talk to me.
Oh, I'm sorry, Max.
I never knew.
You never asked.
Would you please not interrupt me, Mr. Smart?
Will you?
Hmm?
Hmm?
My father my father never got me anything.
The only thing he ever got me was a pair of long pants so I could go to work.
Mr. Smart-- Mr. Krimm.
Would you mind looking-- and would you just not interrupt anymore, Mr. Smart?
Appreciate that.
Mr. Krimm, look at these inkblots and tell me exactly what comes into your mind.
- The first thing that comes to mind.
- You need a new pen.
Very good, very good.
No, no, no, I mean just look at them, and the first thing that comes in your mind, talk about them, all right?
Boy that's a pretty girl.
A pretty girl?
That's good.
That's good.
That's a boy and a pretty girl hugging.
A boy and a pretty girl hugging?
And that's two girls and a boy.
Uh-huh, uh-huh T-two-two girls and a boy.
Don't skip anything.
- Can I buy a set of these?
- Can he?
- What?
- Well, you see, Doc, that's exactly what I was talking about-- exactly what I was talking about.
He thinks all these things are about women.
That's exactly what those pictures are about.
They're about women.
Hmm.
Mr. Krimm, thank you very much.
Thank you, Doctor.
May I ask you a question, Mr. Smart?
Certainly, Doctor, ask me anything you want.
Uh, did you ever get the feeling that you're being followed and hounded?
Well, yes, I used to, but now I pay for everything in cash.
That's it, I've got to go.
Oh, no, just a minute.
I have to detain you.
You need more psychiatric treatment.
You're not going to detain anybody.
I'm not crazy, fella.
And besides that, I know my constitutional rights.
I'm entitled to one phone call.
- If you wish.
- I wish.
Hello, Chief?
It's me again.
I want a lawyer!
Don't worry about a thing, Sid, I'll have you out of here in a few minutes.
- 86?
- Yes, are you the CONTROL lawyer?
Yes, here's my card.
"18, 26, 35, 44, I thought 21 was going to handle this case.
You two guys want to get separated?
Yeah, I want to get separated.
I want to get separated from this police station.
Now, as I understand this case, you hit this policeman.
What we do is plead guilty and the fine is $50.
- I see no reason why-- - We didn't hit the policeman, he hit us.
Oh, willfully standing in the way of a police attack?
That's $100 fine and we'll have to come back in 60 days for a trial.
I'll arrange for your bail, 86.
What about me?
Who's going to take care of me?
What's your number?
What number?
I don't have a number.
I'm Max's pal.
You've got to get me out of here.
I'm sorry, I can't do that.
I'm not allowed to handle outside cases.
I work exclusively for the government, and it would be a conflict of interest.
I've got to go along with him on that, Sid.
When the man is right, he's right.
However, I might be able to recommend another lawyer.
An old friend of mine-- 28.
the phone book?
No, he has an unlisted number, and I have his card right here.
I don't want another attorney.
I want to get out of here.
Just call 28 and tell him Tell him that you were booked on a 437.
If you plead a 507, you will get off 1-2-3.
Bingo.
What is this, a police station or a church?
Sid, you don't understand.
In our business we are not allowed to use names, only numbers.
Look, we're on a very important case.
Just get us out of here.
I'll have you out in five minutes.
What about me?
Who's going to take care of me?
Will you stop whining?
Can't you just bend the rules a little bit and help my friend?
We might be able to deputize him.
Oh.
Well, I didn't want to go that far.
Listen, couldn't we deputize him on a temporary basis?
Yes, I guess I could swear him in.
Fill out this card later, if you will.
Stand up, please.
Stand up.
I want you to raise your right foot and repeat after me.
Why do I have to raise my right foot?
Because it's an underground organization.
- Oh.
- Now, repeat after me.
How can I repeat after you?
I can't hear you.
It's a secret oath.
Oh.
First thing you know, you'll have me patting my head and rubbing my stomach to qualify for the job.
You've been letting out secrets.
Don't ever do that.
Come on, dummy.
Man: I couldn't help it.
Man #2: You'd better have a good reason.
They're not going to like that upstairs.
Man: Please let me try again.
I won't miss next time.
Man #2: There ain't going to be no next time.
The organization gives no second chances, and you know what happens when you miss.
Man: No, no, don't.
Man #2: I'll take care of this contract myself-- and you.
- Throw him in the river, boys.
-  -  -   I'm telling you, Mae, we've got to move out of this neighborhood.
I don't understand it.
This has to be the place.
The computer is never wrong-- Oh, West 111th street.
Will you leave me alone, Sid?
I don't understand it.
I never get mixed up like that.
I can understand it.
You're a dope.
Remember in the army, you couldn't even spell "pussycat"?
Uh-oh.
Max, they're after us.
How are we going to get out of here?
We can't go that way.
- It's a dead-end alley.
- I know that, dummy.
Max, it passed right over us.
Well, naturally, Sid.
When I saw that car bearing down on us, I happened to notice that it was a 1967 Sedan.
Now a 1967 Sedan has a clearance of 15 and 1/2 inches.
When we're lying flat, we have a clearance of 15 and 1/4 inches.
It was a '68.
I don't wish to discuss it any more.
Max, there's no need to get steamed about it.
- Forget it.
Let's go get The Maestro.
- Oh  Listen, that music-- When I spoke to Nancy, I heard it over the telephone.
-  - Girls, stay right where you are.
Gentlemen, you are covered.
Oh, really?
Don't you need a gun for that, Maestro?
The old gun-in- the-Maestro's-baton trick.
That's the second time I fell for that this month.
Unfortunately, your baton is empty, Maestro.
Cover him, Sid.
Drop the gun and stay right where you are.
Who's the ding-a-ling?
- He's The Maestro.
- He's the top KAOS assassin.
He must be the one who shot Matusik.
And Miklis, Wolfberg, Casten and Frank.
Well, he certainly has had a busy week.
A busy day.
The Maestro thanks you for the introduction.
Nancy: I knew we should have gotten rid of them at the club.
I like them.
No harm done.
We have them now.
I think we shall find an amusing way to assist them in their departure from this vale of tears.
What's he talking about?
He's going to kill us.
Oh.
Kill us?
For real?
I'm afraid so, Sid.
Okay, that's it.
I quit.
Listen, pussycat, I'm not a real spy.
I sell bridal gowns.
If you're ever in Omaha, stop by and I'll give you a free fitting.
Shut up, dummy.
Dummy?
Yes, well, when the man is right, he's right.
Enough of this.
We shall retire to my music room downstairs.
So this is what it's like being a spy.
Why did I come along?
My armpits are starting to hurt me.
Stop whining.
It's not all gravy, you know?
My magnum opus and your finale.
In a moment, I shall start the music.
You are familiar with "The 1812 Overture" by Pyotr llyich Tchaikovsky?
When they recorded this, they used real cannons.
Now the final crescendo of these cannons will trigger this cannon.
It will be the last thing you will hear.
Are you kidding?
When that thing goes off, the police force, the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps will come rolling in here like oranges.
Not with this silencer, they won't.
That's the second biggest silencer I ever saw.
You have exactly four minutes to live.
I shouldn't bother to scream for help.
These walls are completely soundproof.
Enjoy yourselves, gentlemen.
I shall be waiting upstairs with the ladies.
- All right now, Sid, here's my plan-- - Stop with your crazy plans.
Can't you see I'm trying to faint?
All right, I'll do it myself.
Oh, the old false-hands- in-the-chain trick.
Oh, the old hacksaw-in- the-belt-buckle trick.
Will you shut up?
Max, the record.
Hold tight, Sid, I'll have you loose in a minute.
-  - So what?
That maniac is still outside.
If he finds out we're alive, he'll really kill us.
Max, do something.
Get us out of here.
Don't worry, Sid, I've got a great plan.
Good, good, good.
What is it?
What is it?
Yes, uh, well, here's what we'll do-- you'll run around the room yelling and screaming a lot, and I'll hide over in the corner.
Then when The Maestro comes down, he'll probably have a gun and he'll come over and you jump on top of him.
I don't think I like that plan.
Not too crazy about that plan.
Okay, I got another plan.
Here's what we'll-- I'll take off my shoelace, and I'll tie it to this table.
And then I'll hide under the cannon.
When The Maestro comes down, he'll see that I'm gone, and he'll rush over to you.
Good, good, great idea.
That's great, good.
You'll pull the string on the record player and then the music will stop, and then the canon will go off.
Good, marvelous, that's great.
Max, get me out of here.
Four minutes-- it is all over now.
You know, Sid, in a way, it's kind of a shame.
What are you talking about?
If he'd had only used his baton for goodness instead of evil.
Oh, Max, you should be happy about finding the little black book.
And I'm certainly happy about meeting Sid here.
I am sorry I hung up on you on the phone, Max, but I did try to find you a nice date.
Let's get out of here, huh, honey?
I think they want to be alone.
{END OF EPISODE 17}{START OF EPISODE 18}
Narrator: Today seemed like any other day in the life of Maxwell Smart.
He was trying to borrow money, but little did he know of the strange fate that was going to make him a hunted man.
I believe you're next, Mr. Smart.
I applied for a $300 loan.
I hate to bother you for such a small amount.
Oh, no bother at all, Mr. Smart.
I think I have your papers right here.
I've been a depositor here for over 10 years.
Yes, I know.
- Loan denied.
- Loan denied?
But I don't understand.
I only asked for $300.
Well, if you had some collateral-- stocks, real estate Well, if I had some collateral, I wouldn't need your $300.
Could you make it $250?
The answer is definitely no, Mr. Smart.
Well, if you feel that way about it, I'll just close up my whole account.
That'll be $3.80.
$3.80?
You're overdrawn as usual.
Will there be anything else, Mr. Smart?
Could I have a calendar?
- No.
- Oh.
Well, would you validate my parking ticket?
Oh, that won't be necessary, Mr. Smart.
You see, while you were waiting, we had to repossess your car.
Very well, Mr. Corrigan, but you haven't heard the last of this.
I have friends.
I'll be back, and I'll get that loan.
All right, everybody stay right where you are.
This is a stick-up.
Anybody makes a false move-- you're dead.
Don't anybody try to be a hero now.
Anybody who follows us gets his head blown off.
All right, Max, you can take that silly face off now.
KAOS will be pleased.
Killing that guard is gonna put our old friend Maxwell Smart right in the hot seat.
Now all we have to do is plant the evidence in his apartment and wait for justice to take its course.
Don't try anything, punk.
I got you covered.
What is this?
Who are you people?
What are you doing in my apartment?
Police department, Mr. Smart.
This is Sergeant Gronski from homicide.
I'm Mr. Lathrop from the legal department.
I'm here to protect your rights.
Now that the introductions are over, get against the wall.
Now, wait a minute, Sergeant.
What are the charges here?
Holding up the Third Street Bank and killing a guard.
Oh.
Holding up a bank, and killing a guard?
- That's ridiculous.
- Shut up and answer the question.
How do you explain that $50,000 we found in that chair?
Oh, that 50-- Oh, that $50,000 in the-- in the chair.
Yes, that-- that 50,000, yes.
Well, uh I carry a lot of loose change on me, and down through the years it slips out of my pockets and it goes down behind the cushions-- How do you explain this gun we found here that was used to kill the guard?
This gun that was used to kill the guard-- How do you explain six eyewitnesses who've identified you?
Six eyewitnesses.
That's a lot of witnesses.
And how do you explain being in the same bank on the same morning of the holdup, demanding money?
Demanding money.
I want a lawyer!
- We're going downtown.
- Now, wait a minute, Sergeant.
You're making a big mistake taking me downtown.
I have a lot of influential friends.
You won't hold me there for 15 minutes.
Chief, you've got to get me out of here.
Max, you needed money, you were in the bank, you were identified by six witnesses, they found the stolen money in your apartment, they found the gun in your apartment.
There's even a picture of you in the act of robbing the bank!
Chief, I'd like to ask you one question.
- What?
- Do you think I'm guilty?
Don't worry, Max, we've got the best criminal lawyer available.
Gregson?
No, he wouldn't touch the case.
Bomser?
No, he said he was leaving town right after he heard about your case.
Yarmy?
No, he's defending the Boston Strangler.
Don't tell me it's Hanrahan.
Both: It's Hanrahan.
I asked you not to tell me that.
He hasn't won a case in 30 years.
I guess he just wants to keep his record perfect.
Don't give up hope, Max.
being behind bars, cut off from everyone-- the solitude, the endless routine, the minutes dragging into hours, the hours dragging into days, the days dragging into weeks, the weeks dragging into years.
Max, you've only been in jail four hours.
Oh, well, they took my watch away.
I guess I lost track of time.
only one chance-- we've got to find the one-handed man.
He's the only one who can prove you didn't do it.
Don't worry, 99.
This whole thing is ridiculous.
I just dare them to try to bring this to trial.
I just dare them.
The court will come to order.
You may proceed, Mr. Hahn.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Mr. Corrigan, Is the man who shot the bank guard here in this courtroom?
Yes, sir.
He is.
Will you point him out, please?
Him.
That's him.
That's the punk.
You seem to live quite expensively, Mr. Smart.
If you don't rob banks for a living, just how do you support yourself?
For your information, I have an excellent job.
I work for a very important org-- I work for an organization that makes greeting cards.
And how much did you make selling greeting cards last year?
I made $35,000.
You expect us to believe that you make $35,000 a year selling greeting cards?
Judge Thatcher here makes only $25,000 a year.
He sells greeting cards too?
There's only one possible verdict that you can bring in-- guilty of murder in the first degree.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you have heard the distinguished district attorney present his evidence that on the surface sounds extremely damaging to the defendant.
But if we review the evidence in the cold light of reason the defense rests.
Mr. Smart, your life is at stake.
The court does not feel that the honorable attorney for the defense has given you the full benefit of his legal talents.
If you wish, the court will grant you time to say a few words in your own defense.
Your Honor, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, in the past 20 minutes I have sat idly by while my worthy opponent, the prosecuting attorney, has stood up here and made a complete jackass out of himself.
Now it's my turn.
Now, it's easy for the prosecuting attorney to stand up here and accuse me of all these horrible crimes.
It's easy for him.
He's got proof.
But what about me?
Now after hearing all the evidence in this case, in all justice there was only one possible verdict that you could bring in.
However, I'm hoping you'll forget about justice and bring in a verdict of not guilty.
I'd like to say one more thing-- Your Honor, I object, and I object strenuously, to the unfair and unethical methods of the prosecuting attorney in trying to influence the foreman of this jury, Mr. George Graft, who we all know is a fine and upstanding citizen of this community and above reproach.
Incidentally, Mr. Graft, it has come to my attention that today is your birthday, and so I brought along this little token to make it a little more memorable.
I intend to have it suitably engraved, "To the foreman of the jury that acquitted Maxwell Smart".
You can pick it up after the verdict is in.
Mr. Smart, this is a court of law.
I'm sorry about that, Your Honor.
Now, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you will retire to the jury room to deliberate.
Take all the time you wish.
They must have done it in the hall.
We find the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree.
Maxwell Smart, this court now sentences you to be taken to the state penitentiary - and held there for 30 days.
- 30 days?
Thank you very much, Your Honor.
And then to be executed in a manner and place so designated by the laws of this state.
Get in, punk.
- Hey, that's the guy-- - Get in.
But you don't understand, Gronski.
- That was the one-handed man.
- Yeah, punk, yeah.
You've gotta listen to me.
He's the only one - that can prove I'm innocent.
- Forget it.
Narrator: Maxwell Smart is now a fugitive.
There is no place for him to turn-- no refuge, no safe haven.
He must find the one-handed man to prove his innocence.
But always behind him is the specter-- Sergeant Gronski, relentlessly pursuing him.
You think you can handle it, pal?
Are you kidding?
I just told you I was head chef at the Waldorf Astoria for four years.
Waldorf Astoria?
Never heard of it.
Can you cook hamburgers?
Well, that's all they served.
Well, it's a little slow right now, so I'm going in the back and take a little snooze.
If you need anything, holler.
Don't worry, I can handle it.
Give me a cup of coffee and a hamburger.
A cup of coffee and a hamburger.
Coming up.
Okay, here we are.
We always give a free cup of coffee on the house.
And your hamburger will be ready in a minute.
Give me a hunk of pie while I'm waiting.
A hunk of pie.
What kind would you like?
What kind have you got?
Well, let's see now, we've got apple, we've got cherry and--  you'd better stick with the cherry.
Cherry.
Okay.
Cherry pie coming up.
Say, is that guy calling you out there?
- Okay.
- What guy?
Oh, I guess he passed.
You got a napkin?
What kind of a joint are you running here, for crying out loud?
Radio announcer: And now for the local news.
While being taken to the state penitentiary for execution, Maxwell Smart, convicted murderer, escaped and is believed somewhere in this area.
An intensive search is in progress.
Civilians are asked to help.
His description is as follows-- black hair, a mean mouth, beady brown eyes, weight approximately medium height.
This man is dangerous.
If seen, please contact your local police or the FBI.
We now return to our regular program.
You're Maxwell Smart, aren't you?
Yes.
I guess this means that I am fired.
Murderer, huh?
No.
No, really, I'm innocent.
I really am.
I don't know why, but I believe you.
Thank you.
Get going.
I'll give you one hour before I call the police.
Thank you very much.
What about my pay?
You've got 59 minutes now.
Listen, I'm gonna need another job somewhere.
I wonder if you could give me a little reference-- - 58 minutes.
- 58 minutes.
Bye.
Narrator: Once more Maxwell Smart is on the run.
When will it end?
When will he find peace?
Who knows?
Who can tell?
Another journey, another place.
Beware the eyes of strangers or even of friends, or they may turn against you.
Keep moving.
Operator, I want long distance.
Reverse the charges.
The number is  - Hello.
- Hello, 99?
Max!
Where are you?
I'm outside of Baltimore.
I found the one-handed man.
- You did?
- Yes, he's holed up in the Main Street Hotel.
I'm going in to get him.
No, Max, wait!
The Chief and I can be there in an hour or so.
It'll take me that long to get through town, and I don't have car fare.
Goodbye.
Max!
Max!
I knew he'd call his girlfriend sooner or later.
Main Street Hotel in Baltimore.
I'm going after him.
You call Headquarters in Baltimore, tell them to have two men meet me at the airport.
Uh, how about a little service here?
As soon as I finish this page.
Do you have any vacancies here?
We've always got vacancies.
What do you want, the bridal suite or the royal suite?
The royal suite.
The bridal suite's near the bathroom.
Hey, no luggage, huh?
It's on the way from the airport.
Sure, sure.
That'll be two bucks in advance, and 25¢ deposit for the key.
I run a respectable place here.
Break it up.
The cops are here.
Oh, and Rose?
The cops are here.
Yeah.
-  - Police.
Really?
You don't say.
You've seen this man?
Yeah.
He was just here.
He was here just a minute ago.
We'll stake out the hotel.
Stake out?
That's the third time this week.
Nobody believes I run a respectable joint-- uh, house-- hotel.
Cover the exits.
You take the back door.
Oh, Brogan, you'd better take the roof instead.
I'll have Murphy take the back door.
of solitaire you've played.
Don't you know any other card came?
One-handed gin.
Let's go out and hold up a bank.
We'll keep the money this time.
KAOS told us to lay low until Smart's found and executed.
When KAOS tells you to lay low, you lay low, - or they put you away even lower.
- Argh.
Ravage, will you take that mask off?
Your own face is ugly enough, but that one's even worse.
Ravage: Were you talking to me?
Hold it.
I wouldn't pull that trigger if I were you.
Give me one good reason.
I'll give you three good reasons.
What are you talking about?
This entire place is surrounded by CONTROL agents.
You'll never get out of here alive.
No, but Maxwell Smart will.
Turn around.
Stop, Smart.
Police officers.
You know, I'm kind of surprised.
There was a time there were I really thought he might have been innocent.
You were right, Gronski.
He's wearing a mask.
The one-handed man is upstairs.
Well, I guess that just about wraps up the case, Gronski.
Well, I guess I was wrong, Smart.
- No hard feelings, eh?
- No, no hard feelings.
You were just trying to execute me.
Yeah.
Can I give you a lift somewhere?
No, thanks.
I'd rather walk.
Narrator: Maxwell Smart can now walk instead of run.
His days and nights of fear and hiding are behind him.
He's a free man.
{END OF EPISODE 18}{START OF EPISODE 19}
Are you sure you want to do this, 99?
Yes, Larrabee, I'm positive.
- Well, have you told Max yet?
- No I haven't, but I'll speak to him as soon as he comes in.
Well, I guess you know what you're doing.
you just won't believe it, but I got two tickets for opening night-- front row center, fourth balcony.
Well, I hope you and whoever you take will have a good time, Max.
Well, you see, 99, I was kind of hoping that maybe you might join me.
Oh Max, why couldn't you have asked me something like that months ago?
But I just got the tickets five minutes ago.
And I couldn't think of anybody else that would go Dutch.
Well, I guess this is as good a time as any to tell you - You won't pay for the ticket?
- No, Max, it isn't that.
Well, look, I'll make a deal with you, 99: I'll pay for the tickets if you'll pay for dinner.
Max, you don't understand.
Max, I'm leaving Control.
Yes, well, so am I. It's almost 5:00.
I gave the chief my official resignation this morning.
You mean, you're leaving Control for good?
After all these years?
But why, 99?
Why?
Well, I figured it was about time I started thinking about other things.
I mean, a girl's gotta think of her future.
Well, yes, but your future is right here at Control.
Oh, I'll grant you that it's dangerous work-- I mean, you take your life in your hands every waking moment of every waking day-- - but it's steady.
- Max, you don't understand.
I met this man.
His name is Victor Royal.
I met him on my vacation last summer, on the island of Saint Germain.
Yes, well He's all right, I guess, if you like fantastically handsome men, but, well - 99, I always thought-- - Thought what, Max?
Well, I always thought there was somebody else.
Who, Max?
Forsythe in the decoding room.
Well, after all, you do spend the most of your coffee breaks with him.
Victor has been asking me to marry him ever since he met me, so I finally accepted.
I'm leaving tomorrow morning for the island of Saint Germain.
Max, what's wrong?
You're not jealous, are you?
Jealous?
Of course not, that's ridiculous.
Jealous, why, I'm not jealous.
I'm just a little bit upset, that's all.
It took me a lot of trouble to get these tickets, and I don't know anybody else to take, and they're not refundable.
Make that eight.
Make the eight.
Thank you, Louis.
Everything is going very well tonight, Monsieur Royal.
Mm-hmm.
- Crowd: Oh-hh!
- Croupier: Seven and up.
Get me another 5,000.
I'm sorry, monsieur, I'm afraid you've lost enough for one night.
Take the rest.
Welcome to Royal's Casino.
- Whose casino?
- Monsieur Victor Royal.
- He owns it.
- Oh, I see.
I guess Howard Hughes hasn't heard about this place yet.
The Chief speaking.
Hello, Chief?
Max.
- Max, where in the world are you?
- Well, Chief, I thought I needed a little vacation, so I came to Saint Germain Island.
Saint Germain Island?
Max, I need you.
Big assignment, eh?
No, you left with my car keys.
Oh.
Well, I can mail them to you, Chief.
What are you doing there anyway?
I want to make sure that 99 doesn't make a big mistake.
I don't think this guy Royal is right for her.
Why?
What did you learn about him?
Well, first of all, he's very handsome.
He's also thoughtful, kind, considerate, and very rich.
And what is all that supposed to mean?
He's too good for her, Chief.
You know something, Max?
I think you're actually jealous.
Jealous?
Are you kidding?
That's ridiculous.
Operator, get me the casino.
Casino.
Hello?
Oui, un moment.
Monsieur Royal, telephone pour vous.
- Yes?
- Mr. Royal Duck!
Please, ladies and gentlemen, please, go and play, everything is all right now.
Thank you, monsieur.
Thank you.
If it hadn't been for you, right now I would be a dead man.
Yes, well, in that case you wouldn't have been able to thank me.
Well, I would like to thank you properly.
May I at least make a small bet for you?
Say, 5,000 francs?
Five, please.
Thank you very much, but I rarely bet more than a dollar or two.
Numero deux, two.
Since you've saved my life, I think we should meet.
My name is Victor Royal.
Well, my name is Wheel.
Max Wheel.
Number two wins.
Have you been on the island long, Monsieur Wheel?
No, as a matter of fact, I just got here this morning.
- Bets, please.
- About 9:00.
Numero neuf.
Number nine.
I hope you don't think I am too impertinent if I ask what you do.
Yes, well, you might say that I'm a soldier of fortune, although right now I'm a soldier without a fortune.
Nine wins.
Neuf.
I'd like to get in touch with you.
- Are you staying with us?
- Bets, please.
Yes, I'm staying in cottage four.
Numero quatre.
Four.
You know, Monsieur Wheel, a man in my position is subject to many dangers.
Lately I've been thinking that maybe I do need a bodyguard.
Would you be interested, Monsieur Wheel?
Well, that sounds very exciting.
Yes, I think I might like that job.
Good.
Come to my office.
We'll talk about it.
Just a minute, monsieur.
That's your bet on the table.
That's my bet?
You have 6,000,000 francs on number four.
on number-- Uh, yes, well, easy come, easy go.
I admire a man who can lose gracefully.
Come on.
- Welcome, Mademoiselle.
- Thank you.
Monsieur Royal has been expecting you.
This way, please.
Come in.
Susan, darling.
Victor, it's so good to see you.
- Oh, you look lovely.
- Thank you.
- Did you have a nice flight?
- Oh no, it was bumpy and awful.
- I'm exhausted.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
Would you like a glass of champagne?
Oh, I don't think so right now.
I'd really rather just rest, if you don't mind.
Good.
I'll see you to your room, and we'll talk later.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Numero vingt-deux, 22.
- Who is that?
- Jacques Montaigne, the Uranium King from Canada.
He's having a streak of bad luck.
I had the same trouble with the slot machine and the roulette wheel, but the telephone paid off great.
Dix-huit, 18.
I have a feeling my luck must change.
Will the house take off its limit?
Well, I am sure we can accommodate you, Monsieur Montaigne, but first, I must have authorization.
Will that be all right, Monsieur Wheel?
One million pounds on number two.
A million pounds of what?
Well, that is approximately $3 million.
Well, if he wins, what does the house have to pay off?
Croupier: Numero vingt-huit, 28.
I'm sorry, but you lose, Monsieur Montaigne.
Why don't you try the telephone booth in the corner?
It never misses.
Monsieur Royal wants to see you right away.
To us.
Oh, Max.
Come in.
Come in.
I'd like you to meet someone, someone who is very dear to me.
May I introduce my future bride, Miss Susan Hilton?
Mr. Max Wheel.
- A pleasure, Miss Hilton.
- The pleasure is mine, Mr. Wheel.
-  - Excuse me.
Yes?
Yes.
I'm sorry, I'm needed at the casino.
I'll be right back.
Max, get to know her.
You'll find Miss Hilton utterly charming.
Max, what on Earth are you doing here?
So, it's Miss Hilton.
Susan Hilton.
I worked with you for five years and you never told me your name.
You never asked me.
Oh.
Susan Hilton.
I don't like it.
I like 99 a lot better.
Come on, Max, Victor doesn't know anything about my work at Control.
He wouldn't want to marry that kind of girl.
Why are you here, Max?
Because of you, 99.
- Really, Max?
- Yes.
Remember once you told me you were worried about your future?
Well, I'm worried about my future.
Were right about being a spy-- it leads nowhere.
This is the kind of life for me-- money, luxury, power.
I can go anywhere in the world I want.
That's a trouble spot.
Did you hurt yourself, Max?
No.
And if I want drink I don't have to ask anyone.
I don't have to get a requisition from Control.
I just take it.
But, Max, you don't drink.
Oh.
Here.
Max, is this the only reason you're here?
Yes, it is.
And you're sure this is the kind of life you want?
Are you sure this is the kind of life you want?
Of course, Max.
Victor is so considerate and kind and gentle.
Monsieur Montaigne, you are in debt to me for £5,000,000.
But I do not have the money.
In that case you will sign this paper deeding all your uranium mines over to me.
That's what you really want, isn't it-- not the money, the mines?
- Of course.
-  With your holdings, Kaos and I will have the market cornered.
We will have enough to bring the whole world to its knees.
Sign it!
Ah, that's much better.
Thank you.
Monsieur Montaigne, you are free to leave.
Oh, Monsieur Montaigne, - excuse me.
- Oui?
I suggest you take the shortcut.
If he had any thoughts of calling the police, the piranha fish will put an end to them.
Hey, waiter, what's that?
Oh, it's a champagne supper for Mr. Royal and his American fiancée.
Poor girl.
When he starts operating she'll have as much chance as a draft card at a hippie love-in.
You mean, he's a ladies man?
Oh, let me put it this way: his little black book is in its 24th edition.
So that's the kind of man he is.
Yeah, all day, all night.
I don't know how he does it.
I couldn't pass the physical.
Oh, let's face it.
I'm not the man I used to be.
In fact, I never was.
Except that one night at The Sands, Calabasas.
Eureka.
- What's going on in there?
-   Oui.
Merci.
- Aha!
- Max, what are you doing here?
I just came to tell you that your phone is ringing.
Oh, yes, it is, yes.
Yes?
Yes.
I'm sorry, Susan, but I have to go for a few minutes.
And as a precautionary measure, I went through Monsieur Wheel's belongings.
I found this.
I thought Susan acted like she knew him.
Very well, I would say.
Well, what are you going to do about it, Monsieur Royal?
For the moment-- nothing.
Good night, Pierre.
Get some sleep, I'll lock up.
You must be mistaken, Max.
I don't believe it.
I just don't believe it.
But I'm telling you it's true, 99.
Your fiancé is a cheat.
First, the roulette wheel is rigged; second, the dice are loaded; third the slot machines are fixed; and fourth, he's a Kaos agent?
!
Max, I don't understand.
It's like a bad dream.
Well, to tell you the truth, I'm a little surprised myself, 99.
I knew he was a liar and a cheat, but a spy!
But Max, how could I be so blind?
Just be grateful we found out in time, 99.
You almost made a terrible mistake.
Imagine, a Control agent married to a Kaos agent.
Who would accept a mixed marriage like that?
Well, what are we going to do now, Max?
First we phone the Chief and tell him all about this place, and then we do the only thing we can do-- we break off the engagement and give him back his ring.
I know you're right, Max, but it's still hard for me to believe.
- What is it, Max?
- The phone just went dead.
Come on, 99, let's get out of here.
It's amusing-- I was as fooled by her as she was by me.
It's too bad I have to kill both of them.
Louis, seal off the casino.
Max, we're trapped!
Not yet, 99.
Come on, the back door.
- Max!
- So by accident you found out my secret, huh?
Monsieur Smart.
Maxwell Smart.
Agent 86 of Control.
Don't be hasty, Royal.
At this range, neither one of us can miss.
Oh, but this is getting us nowhere, Monsieur Smart.
Surely, two civilized men can solve their differences without using firearms.
Okay.
How about a nice quiet little session of karate?
Mmm, I have a much better idea.
We are both gambling men, aren't we?
What do you think if we let the cards determine our fate?
One hand of poker, five-card showdown, the winner kills the loser.
On second thought, I'll shuffle, you cut.
As you wish.
On third thought, let's go back to the first thought.
New cards, please.
Thank you.
Two aces of spades?
Either that's a pinochle deck, or one of us is cheating.
You have played all your cards, Monsieur Smart, but I still have one card left.
Max!
Max, Max!
You killed him!
He just committed suicide.
Louis, put this gun in his hand.
- Come on.
- No!
- Louis, open the door.
- Oui.
Hold it.
But you killed him.
The old bulletproof- cummerbund-in-the-tuxedo trick.
Au revoir, Monsieur Smart.
He got away, 99.
- Oh, Max.
- Argh.
Oh, I'm sorry, Max.
Are you all right?
- Yes, I'm okay.
- Oh, Max, you saved me from making a terrible mistake.
- You're wonderful.
- Oh, that's all right, Susan.
It's 99, Max.
Susan isn't my real name.
What are you going to do about Royal?
Well, I'll call the local police and have them pick him up.
- 99.
- What, Max?
Pull the handle down on that machine.
{END OF EPISODE 19}{START OF EPISODE 20}
I've got him now, 99.
- Shoot, Max.
Hurry!
-  You missed!
Lead him!
Lead him!
Will you stop yelling in my ear?
- You're making me nervous.
-  - You missed again, Max!
- I know I missed again.
Don't stand so close to me.
You're breathing down my barrel.
- But he's getting away!
-  He's not getting away.
He got away.
Oh, that's okay, Max.
You'll get the duck next time.
Forget it, 99.
There'll be no next time.
I've already invested $8.40 in this, and I've come to one positive conclusion-- - What's that?
- I don't have any more money.
That's okay.
I've got lots of money.
Thank you anyway, 99, but it's a waste of time.
I happen to know that the barrel of this gun is warped.
- It does look a little warped.
- It certainly is.
One of the world's greatest philosophers Genghis Khan once said that a warped barrel is a fool's frustration.
Who said that, Max?
- Genghis Khan?
- Would you mind repeating that, buddy?
Certainly not.
A warped barrel is a fool's frustration.
Of course it sounds a lot better in Chinese.
Your friend is right.
Here, lady, shoot.
He also said that he who returns to the bottomless well How does the rest of that go, 99?
I don't know, Max.
I seldom read Genghis Khan.
Oh.
I heard you the first time.
Go ahead, lady, shoot.
It's on the house.
The duck.
The rabbit.
The clay pipe.
All right, all right, 99.
There's no need to make a spectacle out of yourself.
- People are looking at you.
- Sorry, Max.
Here, you won the kewpie doll.
But I don't want a kewpie doll.
I want a lace pillow that says "Mother".
Keep the kewpie doll, Max.
It's a much better prize.
Well, all right, but I still think a lace pillow that says "Mother" would look nicer in my bedroom.
Here, you can have this, 99-- - Thank you, Max.
- --but just until we get home.
"A warped barrel is a fool's frustration".
A warped barrel is a fool's frustration.
What?
- A warped-- - I heard ya, I heard ya.
Give me the kewpie doll.
I just-- Well, somebody else-- - I just gave it away.
- You gave it away?
!
Well, only after he gave me the password.
- Impossible!
- But he did!
I'll get it back.
My barrel is not warped.
the relish, please?
- How does is taste?
- Airy.
Airy?
Yes, I should have waited for the relish.
Here, try the mustard.
Oh, good idea.
Boy, you must really have been hungry.
Yes.
I didn't think I was.
- Do you want another one?
- No, they're not very filling.
That's much better.
It needed a little seasoning.
Come on, 99, let's go.
It has taken me years to perfect this drop, and you ruin it.
Incredible, absolutely incredible.
But it-- it wasn't my fault.
He-- he gave the right password.
Please, Mr. Waxman, have a heart.
Yours.
You should have known.
The Great Waxman accepts no excuses.
There are no excuses.
There is only perfection.
You fired at them and missed.
You are a dummy.
- Take him.
- No!
My children, my beautiful children, be happy.
You will soon have a new playmate.
I'm making an addition to our electric chair display.
Waxman.
A beady-eyed man with a pretty dark-haired girl-- they have the kewpie doll.
But this is for kids, 99.
But kids have fun.
Well, I'd rather go on the dodge-'em carts.
Oh, Max, for me.
Empty the park and then kill them.
You're acting silly, 99.
I know I am, but it's our day off.
Well, all right, but separate boats.
Max.
Is there anything wrong?
Nothing.
You want me to hold your kewpie doll?
No, it's for her.
She'll need company.
You see, we're just friends.
Max!
That looks so real!
Don't be ridiculous, 99.
This is for kids.
That didn't turn me on at all.
Hmph, I wonder what Dr. Spock would have to say about this kind of love.
Max, that's a real arrow!
- Max, that's real fire!
- Don't be ridiculous, 99-- but it did light my cigarette.
Max, something's wrong.
Something certainly is wrong.
Whoever built this tunnel of love has a lot to learn about togetherness.
Max!
Somebody tried to get the kewpie doll.
Give it to them.
Maybe they'll leave us alone.
No, Max, there must be some reason.
I'm scared.
Here, hold my hand.
Now does that feel better?
No.
you're not holding my hand.
I'm not holding your hand.
I asked you not to tell me that.
Max, we've got to get out of here.
Come on, 99, follow me.
Max, there must be an emergency exit.
Now why would there be an emergency exit in a tunnel of love?
For emergencies, Max.
Look, there it is.
Hmm.
Max, look!
Max, it's deserted.
Everyone's disappeared.
Not everybody.
Come on, 99.
Oh, Max, I'm exhausted.
I can't go any further.
We've got to keep going.
This place is swarming with Kaos agents.
I know that.
That's why we can't stand out here.
We've got to find a place to hide.
Well, what about in there?
Are you kidding?
There are gollywoggles in there.
Come on.
Oh, Max, we'll never get out of here alive.
- We need help.
- You're right, 99.
- Come on, let's get over this.
- Oh.
Max, we're gonna be trapped in here.
You keep an eye out, 99.
I'll contact the chief.
- Hello, Chief?
- Hello, Max.
What's wrong?
Your voice sounds scratchy.
Oh, it must be the sand in the shoe, Chief.
- Where are you?
- At the beach in the amusement park.
I'm with 99.
Oh.
Are you enjoying yourself?
Well not exactly, Chief.
You see, they emptied out the amusement park, and now someone's trying to kill us.
Max, as usual you're not making any sense.
Start from the beginning.
Uh, from the beginning.
Right, Chief.
The trouble all started when we came to the shooting gallery.
I complained about a gun that had a warped barrel, so the attendant gave 99 another gun.
Then I won a prize, but I wanted the lace pillow that said "Mother".
Yes, Max, a lace pillow that said "Mother".
But I didn't get the lace pillow that said "Mother".
I got a kewpie doll because the attendant said, "You'd better take the kewpie doll".
and 99 said, "Yes, you take the kewpie doll".
So I took the kewpie doll.
Then I ate a hot dog that wasn't very filling.
Max, get back to the kewpie doll.
Examine it closely.
Well, it looks like just an ordinary - girl kewpie doll to me, Chief.
- Max, look.
There's some kind of shiny metal under here.
I was right, Chief.
It's not an ordinary girl kewpie doll.
It's got some kind of shiny metal underneath.
Max!
No wonder they're shooting at us.
This kewpie doll is made of some kind of radioactive substance.
Chief, I've just made another startling discovery-- this kewpie doll is made of some kind of radioactive substance.
Max, you've found it-- the Kaos plutonium drop.
Shipments have been leaving this country and we couldn't figure out from where.
It must be from the amusement park.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
Right, Chief.
- The chief is on his way.
- Good.
Listen, I wonder if you could tell us which way the nearest exit is.
For you there is no exit.
No exit.
But first, may I have the doll?
Should I give it to him, Max?
Forget it, 99.
I can take care of these dummies.
Ahem.
Listen, I hope I wasn't out of line with that crack about the dummies.
- Where are we, Max?
- In a dark room.
- But where?
- Obviously, in a dark building.
- I hear water, Max.
- Make that a wet dark building.
Max, look, the dragon.
We're back in the tunnel of love!
I know that, 99.
I was just waiting to see how long it would take you to know it.
We've got to get out of here, Max!
We're not going anywhere, 99.
We're staying right here.
Don't you know the first principle of eluding pursuers?
When the fox is being chased by the hunters, the first thing he does is double back in his tracks-- that way he completely confuses the hunters.
Dracula: They must be in here.
Unfortunately, we're not foxes.
Come on.
Max, I have a map of the park.
There's an exit near here.
We go further.
Come, Frankie.
Yes, there's one right by the merry-go-round.
Come on, 99.
Let's get out of here.
Let's go.
Come on, Max.
- 99, remind me to come back here.
- Why is that?
That's a terrific ride for a dime.
Waxman!
They killed Frankie.
They're right behind me.
Fools.
Bumblers.
I'm surrounded by ineptitude.
I couldn't help it.
What could I do?
Shut up.
Get into your coffin.
Hold it, 99.
You stay here while I check the place out.
Right, Max.
Don't ever do that!
Oh, Max, he looks so real.
Oh, 99, I see these all the time in the movies from under the seat.
Max, this man's the attendant in the shooting gallery!
Don't be ridiculous, 99!
He's wax.
And so is he.
Listen, are you sure you don't know the way to the nearest exit?
You two will make a lovely exhibit.
Well, 99, we finally got into show business.
Help!
You can yell all you want, young lady.
The park is deserted.
Unfortunately, you discovered our plutonium drop.
Once a week a Kaos submarine picks up a plutonium kewpie doll.
Soon we shall gain control over the world supply and the entire world will become our own personal chamber of horrors.
Okay, Waxman, that's it.
You're under arrest.
Get your things.
We're going downtown.
No, we're not going anywhere.
You don't actually think you can get away with this, do you?
What do you intend to do about it?
I plan to cry a lot.
You see, Waxman, in a situation like this you have to use your head.
Uh, what I mean is that I know that you plan to wax us.
So what I'm gonna do is to cry a lot.
That way people will see tears on my cheeks and they'll know that I died unhappy and that you're rotten.
Brilliant, Mr. Smart.
But unfortunately you won't have a head.
No head?
You see, the guillotine is real.
-  - And you, Madame DeFarge, will merely sit by knitting and watch while Sydney Carton gives his head to Kaos.
Then it will be your turn.
Max, do something!
Do something!
Uh Ah, yes.
It is a far far better thing I do than I have ever done before.
Oh, Max, you were right.
I should have let you get the lace pillow that said "Mother".
Au revoir, Monsieur Smart.
Release the blade, Drackie.
Good night, sweet prince, and may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
Max!
How in the world did you do it?
The old inflatable-head-in-the-cloak trick, 99.
Oh, Max.
Max, look.
How horrible!
Yes, he died as one of his own exhibits.
If he had only used his wax for niceness instead of evil.
{END OF EPISODE 20}{START OF EPISODE 21}
Come on!
Come on!
Man on radio: Simpson of the United States puts the team representing the Free World four points ahead of the Iron Curtain team.
On this, the second day of the all-important three-day track meet, the West is making a strong comeback after a series of incredible accidents.
Accidents, my foot.
I'm sorry.
Did I hurt you?
I think you broke my telephone.
Max, isn't there some chance they could have been accidents?
lmpossible, 99.
KAOS knows that winning a track meet is more important to the United States than winning a war.
Besides, it's a lot cheaper.
We don't have to finance the losers.
I guess you're right.
The Chief certainly doesn't seem to think they were accidents.
He has enough CONTROL agents stationed through the stands.
Yes, and there are a lot of CIA agents around too.
CIA?
What do they have to do with it?
What do they have to do with it?
They put half these athletes through college.
- On both teams.
- Hmm.
Man on radio: pole vault, Williams is ready for his third try.
The bar is set at 16 feet, Hot dogs here.
- Hot dog!
- How many?
One without mustard.
Here, bud.
Oh, thank you.
- Pass it.
- Hmm?
Oh.
Man on radio: A hush falls over the stadium as Williams starts his approach.
There he goes.
Too bad.
Ohh!
Man on radio: Well, that leaves only two contestants in the pole vault-- Smith and Kazcachekowitz.
Oh, I hope Smith makes it.
You'd better hope Kazcachekowitz makes it.
He's on our team.
Smith is the Russian.
Man on radio: The bar will now be raised to 17 feet.
Smith is up first.
He's warming up now for his jump.
There goes Smith.
Smith missed.
Say, you ought to try one of these hot dogs.
They're delicious.
Max, look.
Kazcachekowitz is getting ready to make his try.
Yes.
If Kazcachekowitz makes it, we'll be ahead.
- Do you think he can?
- Well, I don't see why not.
He's always cleared Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Hot dogs, pennants.
Hot dogs.
Madam, may I interest you in a pennant?
Do you have one I might like?
I think I have one here that'll be a very good choice.
Be careful.
The whole stadium is simply crawling with CONTROL agents.
Man on radio: There goes Kazcachekowitz now.
Man on radio: It's incredible.
Kazcachekowitz seemed to clear the bar, but he didn't.
Max, there's something wrong!
Thank you, but I don't think I'll buy one.
Hot dogs, pennants.
Wait a minute, 99.
Stay here.
I'll be right back.
Hey, you!
No, I don't want a pennant.
I want a hot dog.
I bet it'll even taste better with the roll.
Hot dogs, yes.
Oh, give me a lot of relish and mustard.
- Put everything on it.
The works.
- The works, sir.
Hurry up.
I'm missing the hop, skip and jump.
Here you are, sir-- the works.
Thank you, sir.
- Max.
- Hymie, what are you doing here?
The Chief is looking for you.
He's waiting in the locker room.
- Okay, let's go.
- That sure looks good.
- Oh, you like hot dogs, Hymie?
- Of course.
I may be a robot, but I'm an American robot.
Oh, well, that surprises me.
I mean, not that you're an American robot, but that you like hot dogs.
I thought the only thing you ever took was kerosene oil and an occasional quick charge.
It's the same old story-- nobody cares about a robot.
Just wind him up, turn him loose and grease him every 1000 miles.
Okay, Hymie, here.
Take the hot dog.
- No, thank you.
I don't want it now.
- Go ahead, take it.
I wouldn't take it if it was the last hot dog in the whole wide world.
- Okay.
- Is it?
- No!
- Then I'll take it.
Here, Hymie.
You forgot this.
- How did it taste?
- Delicious.
Even the poison was good.
- Poison?
- I am programmed to detect poison.
That was arsenic-- 8g, 2cc.
- Are you all right, Hymie?
- Of course.
Arsenic is good for cleaning out my tubes.
I heard that.
Wait a minute.
That vender must've been a KAOS agent.
- What did he look like?
- Well, uh, He was, uh, uh he was, uh he was, uh What did he look like, Max?
Can you describe him?
Well, he had a kind of a face like yours, Chief-- you know, nondescript, The kind you'd forget in a crowd.
Max, this is important.
Think.
All those accidents can have only one explanation-- CAD.
Of course!
CAD!
What's CAD?
Hymie: CAD is a division of KAOS.
It stands for "Contrived Accident Division".
Their two experts are Donald Snead and Mrs. Emily Neal.
And the one who sold you the hot dog must've been Snead, and you can't even describe him!
Well, I may not be able to describe him, but I'll know him the minute I see him.
- I certainly hope so.
- Somebody help!
- What happened?
- I don't know.
O'Leary was taking a shower and he must've collapsed.
Well, I've heard of hard water, but this is ridiculous!
- Hymie, what are you doing?
- It's not the water, it's the soap.
The soap was poisoned.
It contains atropine.
O'Leary absorbed it through his pores while he was taking a shower.
He'll be all right as soon as I give him an injection of morphine.
Chief, we've got to stop KAOS.
What we need are more stringent protective measures and better organization.
You're right, Max.
I'm taking you off the case.
Good.
Taking me off the case?
Why?
What did I do wrong?
What did you do right?
- I asked you first.
- I'm putting Hymie in charge.
Oh.
Hymie?
You can't put Hymie in charge.
Hymie is a robot.
He's nothing but a machine, a bunch of bolts and wires strung together in a metal body.
- No one's perfect.
- Hymie, you're the boss now.
- You call the signals.
- 93, 42, 61, 84 Hymie, why do you always take me so literally?
What I mean is that you're in charge.
Now wait a minute, Chief.
I have my pride, and I'm not taking orders from a robot.
Max, remember, CONTROL is an equal-opportunity employer.
I don't feel that way about you, Max.
Some of my best friends are people.
I'm sorry, Hymie.
I keep forgetting you have a heart, even if it is a $10 gearbox.
That's enough, Max.
Now what are your plans, Hymie?
According to my computer, we can win the meet if we protect Purvis in the mile run, Schmidt in the discus throw and Moody in the high jump.
We must find someplace to keep them safe until tomorrow.
- Where?
- I'll check with my computer again.
Max's apartment.
My apartment?
Forget it!
I've got a date tonight, and I plan to use my apartment.
Max, what's more important to you, the honor of your country or a date?
- Max!
- Don't rush me, Chief.
I'm trying to think of a good argument for my country.
All right.
My apartment.
The main thing is secrecy.
We'll move them in tonight under cover of darkness.
Everything's set?
Mrs. Neal, I was magnificent, and I've arranged for some simply marvelous accidents to occur.
Good.
Any possibility of a failure?
None whatsoever.
And for the piece de resistance, I've added something rather special of my own.
I knew you would.
Mr. Smart always has one Gibson before dinner-- four parts gin, a touch of vermouth, and a pearl onion.
What he doesn't know is that he's using the famous Snead synthetic onion.
Yes, which combined with gin and vermouth will create a chemical reaction that will blow Mr. Smart and all the other occupants of the room into well, shall we just say it will be a bit messy in there.
You are indeed a genius, Snead.
Max: Come on, fellas, this way.
I do beg your pardon, Mrs. Neal, but it is in the line of duty.
Of course.
I understand.
Why are you knocking on the door, Max?
Don't you live alone?
Uh, yes, but I seem to have misplaced my key.
The key is in your hand, Max.
Why are you stalling?
Forget it, Hymie.
You wouldn't understand.
Mrs. Neal, that was very very pleasant.
- I agree, Snead.
- Good.
Shall we, uh, push on?
All right, gentlemen, just make yourselves at home.
You'll find that you'll be perfectly safe in this apartment.
It's equipped with some of the most fascinating protective devices in the world.
- For example, this button-- -  Hymie, will you answer the door, please?
- But, Max-- - Hymie, answer the door.
Hello, door.
What was the question again?
Hymie, would you just see who's ringing the bell, please?
It's 99 who's ringing the bell, Max.
- Well, let her in.
- Oh.
Hello, Hymie.
How are you?
I am fine, 99.
How are you?
Fine.
Oh, Max, I brought some extra groceries.
I thought that it would be nice to fix you and the boys some dinner.
Oh, good, 99.
Hymie, take the groceries into the kitchen.
Just a minute, Max.
I'm the boss.
I give the orders around here.
Hymie, take the groceries into the kitchen.
-  -  are you all right?
I'm fine, 99.
How are you?
All right, don't anybody move.
Stay right where you are.
I have a feeling this apartment has been tampered with.
Hymie, get over by the fireplace.
Now I know this apartment like the back of my hand.
If anything has been moved, I'll know it.
If anything has been touched, I'll know it.
I have a hunch that this apartment has been booby-trapped.
Now I'm almost positive.
Snead and Mrs. Neal must've been here, Max.
Yes.
I'd better call the Chief, 99.
I'm the boss.
I'll call the Chief.
Hymie, are you all right?
- I don't know.
- Well, what happened?
I think I'm in love.
Max, tell the boys dinner's just about ready.
Boys, dinner's just about ready.
- Max - Sorry, Hymie.
Boys, dinner's just about ready.
Listen, Hymie, you don't mind if I have a little drink before dinner, do you?
- Of course not.
- Thanks.
Well, let's see.
Little touch of vermouth, four parts gin, and a pearl onion.
- How are things coming, 99?
- All set, Max.
- Well, here's luck.
- Max!
Your drink!
Max, do something!
Max, you sure do mix a strong Gibson.
Yes, I know.
I'm sorry.
I know I failed.
Well, you see, Mrs. Neal, what you gain on the roundabout you lose on the swings.
Everything's in order.
Yes, something went wrong in Mr. Smart's apartment.
Yes, well, don't worry.
Yes.
Yes, in their lockers.
All right, men.
Right this way.
You'd better suit up.
We don't have too much time.
You, go outside and guard the door.
See that nobody comes in.
Well, Hymie, the Chief is out on the field.
- Go out and tell him we're here.
- Right.
I'm the boss.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot, Hymie.
Uh, listen, how about this?
How would you like me to stay here and guard the men while you go out and tell the Chief we're here?
Yes.
All right, men, the eyes of the free world are on you today.
So I want you to remember to keep your heads and your shorts up.
We have a tradition to uphold, - so I want you to remember -  that it's not how you play the game but whether you win that counts.
Yes, well, maybe that's not quite how it goes.
What's the difference?
The import-- oh, come on now, fellas.
It's not that hopeless.
Or is it?
You, get away from that locker.
Chief: Max, what happened?
Well, Chief, Snead and Mrs. Neal must've rigged these lockers with paralyzing gas.
Man over P.A.: Athletes on the field for the high jump and the discus throw.
Hymie, is there any chance of reviving them?
Not for at least two hours.
Looks like we've lost those two events.
We're beaten.
Chief, no, we're not.
Man over P.A.: The next event is the high jump.
Competing for the East today are Pavlovic and Mihailovich.
Competing for the West Hymie?
Pavlovic has cleared the bar at seven feet, one inch, for a new track record.
And now trying to break that record is Hymie of the West.
This is his first appearance at this meet.
Would you raise the bar to nine feet, please?
Man over P.A.: Hold it.
This is amazing!
Hymie has asked to have the bar raised to nine feet!
Man over P.A.: Bronski of the East has broken his own world's record of 220 feet, 5 inches for the discus throw with an amazing toss of 231 feet.
Man over P.A.: Now for the West, holder of the high-jump record, Hymie.
Man over P.A.: Hymie has just thrown the disc right out of the stadium!
It's incredible.
He's thrown it right out of the stands.
I'm beginning to understand our failures.
That man is not a man.
- I beg your pardon, Snead?
- He's a CONTROL robot.
Mrs. Neal, do you still have your lipstick battery deactivator?
I'm always prepared, Snead.
Good.
Before the next event, I think you should give Hymie a victory kiss.
Yes, Mrs. Neal, discharge your duties and his battery at one and the same time.
Hot dogs, pennants.
Hot dogs, pennants.
Hot dogs, pennants.
Mr. Hymie, may I congratulate you?
Of course, madam.
Congratulations, Hymie.
Now all we have to do is to win the mile run.
- How do you feel, Hymie?
- I feel weak.
Something ran my battery down.
Don't worry, Hymie.
As soon as we get you back to CONTROL headquarters, we'll give you a recharge.
Man on radio: With the Western team winning the discus throw, this makes them tied with the East.
The last event, the mile run, will decide the outcome of this entire meet.
Will the athletes please take their places?
All right, Purvis, I want you to get out there and run like you've never run before-- fast.
Purvis, what are you doing?
This is no time for dancing.
I can't understand it.
My feet feel like they're asleep.
- Well, wake them up.
- I can't seem to move.
Hand me your shoe.
Someone has put sleeping-foot powder in his shoe.
The old "sleeping-foot-powder- in-the-shoe" trick.
- What are we gonna do now, Max?
- There's only one thing to do.
- Hymie, you'll have to run the mile.
- I don't know, Chief.
Without a recharge, I don't have much energy left.
My portable radio!
Maybe that'll help!
That's it, 99!
I use a lot of voltage.
I hope it's enough.
Man over P.A.: Running the mile for the East are Pipovich and Sturnsky.
And for the West, holder of two world records here today, Hymie.
Come on, Hymie!
Come on, Hymie!
- Go, Hymie!
- Come on, Hymie!
Man over P.A.: Hymie is a half a lap ahead.
Three quarters of a lap.
He's really pulling out front, folks.
- Run, run!
- Go!
Man over P.A.: With still six laps to go, Hymie is more than a lap ahead.
Man over P.A.: Now with less than two laps to go, Hymie has a lap-and-a-quarter lead.
It looks like a cinch win for the West.
Just a moment.
Hymie seems to be slowing down.
I think he's in trouble.
Come on, Hymie!
Come on!
He's running out of power, Chief.
Man over P.A.: Hymie is still three-quarters of a lap ahead.
Hymie is slowing down even more.
Do you think there's enough power left in my radio battery?
I told you not to listen to Huntley and Brinkley today.
You should've just listened to Huntley.
Hymie, come on!
Man over P.A.: Oh, it looks like Hymie's had it.
I don't think he'll make it to the finish line.
Chief, he stopped!
Man over P.A.: Ladies and gentlemen, with just one yard to the finish line, Hymie has come to a complete stop.
- Come on, Hymie!
Run, Hymie!
Come on!
- Chief: Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
You can make it, Hymie!
I'm out of power.
Isn't there anything we can do?
We need magnetic power!
And you need electricity for that, right, Chief?
- Have you got a key?
- A key?
Yes.
Good.
Have you got a kite?
- Have you got a storm, Ben Franklin?
- A storm Man over P.A.: The gap is closing quickly.
Max, quick!
Give me your shoe phone!
This is no time to call for help, 99.
Mrs. Neal, looks to me as though we both failed.
There's always a first time, Snead.
Unfortunately, when one works for KAOS, it's usually the last time.
I suggest, Mrs. Neal, that we take a permanent leave of absence.
I agree, Snead.
Oh, that was brilliant, 99!
How'd you do it?
- Every telephone has a magnet, Chief.
- Of course, Chief.
- Every schoolboy knows that.
- Then why didn't you think of it?
Uh, because you had me busy looking for a storm.
Besides, I wanted 99 to have a chance to show that she went to school.
{END OF EPISODE 21}{START OF EPISODE 22}
Well, you fell for the old remote-controlled- self-propelled- spinning-doorknob trick.
Who are you and what branch of Kaos do you work for?
Talk now or you'll never talk again.
I'll talk.
My name is Otto.
I work for--  Hold it a minute.
- Hello.
- Chief: Max, this is the chief.
Listen, Chief, could you call back in a few minutes?
I'm a little busy.
R-6 emergency.
Get down to the office immediately.
- But Chief, I-- - I said R-6 emergency.
Drop whatever you're doing and get right down here.
Right, Chief.
- Yes?
- 99?
The Chief.
R-6 emergency.
Get to the office.
Oh, Chief, I can't right now, I-- Right now.
Don't waste a second.
Right, Chief.
- Hey, where are you going?
- I'm terribly sorry, but I'm afraid you're gonna have to get yourself another model.
I haven't finished the assignment, though.
I guess you're gonna have to get into the tub.
Please, Mom.
What's this all about, 99?
Well, I was working as a model-- - A model?
- Yes, that's my cover this month.
And then right in the middle of the sitting, the chief called.
Oh.
Well, I guess it must be big.
It's an R-6 emergency.
Come on.
All right, who are you and what are you doing in the chief's office?
Max, I think it's the chief.
If that's the chief, I'm Abraham Lincoln.
Max!
Four score and seven years ago All right, Max, now let's get down to business.
The reason I called you both down here is because-- Max, will you please stop staring?
It's not that conspicuous, is it?
- Oh, no no no!
Not at all, Chief, no.
- No, no no!
As a matter of fact it's a very handsome rug.
- It's not a rug.
- That's what I say, Chief.
It's not a rug.
What is it?
It's a hairpiece.
It augments my hair.
That's what I say, Chief.
It augments your hair.
Now will you stop staring?
We're waiting for you to tell us why you called us, Chief.
Now I asked you both to come down here because This morning I received a phone call that may change the destiny of our entire organization.
"Week News" magazine is going to do a feature story on us.
"Week News" magazine?
They picked us over Eddie Fisher, Ho Chi Minh, and the president's grandson.
Do you think publicity is such a good idea, Chief?
Of course it is.
The CIA is in the newspapers all the time.
And the FBI has its own television show.
We're the only secret organization in the world that nobody ever heard of.
No pictures will be used and no names at any time.
I cannot impress upon you the importance if this.
A favorable story can mean recognition for us, importance, and an increased budget.
Now the image we will have to present has to be vigorous, efficient-- young.
I guess that's the reason for the rug, huh, Chief?
I've had this a long time.
I've just not had any reason to use it before.
Well, what do you want us to do, Chief?
I don't know yet.
All I know is that Mr. Fitzmaurice-- he's the man who'll be writing the article-- - asked that you be here.
-  - Yes?
- Larrabee: Mr. Fitzmaurice is here.
Oh, of course, Larrabee.
Send him right in.
He's here now.
Now, Max, try not to get into his way.
And stop staring!
This way, Mr. Fitzmaurice.
My secretary and research assistant, Miss Magruder.
How do you do?
Ah paneled, old-fashioned offices Mr. Fitzmaurice, this is Agent 99.
Young, raven-tressed 99.
And this is Agent 86.
Beady-eyed, black-haired 86.
And I'm the chief.
Middle-aged, uh toupeed Chief.
Uh, won't you sit down, sir?
Deep, comfortable couch.
I'm afraid there isn't time.
I'll come straight to the point.
In order to make this story different, I decided personally to accompany a team of Control agents while they're working on the job from start to finish.
I've studied hundreds of dossiers  and I've decided on you two.
Well, we're very honored.
Well, we'll see.
Agent 86, we will meet at your apartment at precisely All of you will give your full cooperation to Miss Magruder in acquiring any background material.
I thank you.
Miss Magruder.
Well Max, it looks like the fate of Control is in your hands.
- Any questions?
- Yes, Chief.
Are you sure you haven't got that thing on backwards?
Get out, Max.
"Get out".
Come, on, 99.
You now have in your possession-- and I trust you have absorbed-- the schedule of Maxwell Smart's and 99's activities for tomorrow.
It should be easy to arrange an ambush and eliminate the two of them.
That's exactly what we do not want.
We're after bigger game-- to eliminate Control.
I don't understand.
I spent two years gaining Mr. Fitzmaurice's confidence.
It was I who suggested he do this feature story on Control.
If we can make them and the entire Control organization look foolish, Mr. Fitzmaurice will write the kind of feature article that will put Control permanently out of business.
With Maxwell Smart in charge, what other kind of story can he write?
We cannot depend on Smart's natural stupidity.
We must help it along, add to it.
Boris, Otto, as of this moment we commence "Operation Ridiculous".
This doesn't seem like a very interesting case-- protecting the foreign minister of a neutral country for a day.
You don't understand.
Kaos will do anything to stop that foreign minister from making that speech tomorrow morning.
Just a moment.
You are about to see your first demonstration of one of Control's unique safety devices.
Now that pipe looks like an ordinary rainspout.
But actually what happens is when you turn this little knob, it becomes a periscope which goes up to the roof, enabling you to have a bird's-eye view of the entire neighborhood.
- Very impressive.
- Would you like to take a look?
Oh, I should be delighted.
What in the name of--?
!
Agent 86!
Well here we are, Mr. Fitzmaurice.
An open car?
Isn't that a bit conspicuous?
There is nothing as inconspicuous as a conspicuous car.
Get in.
It may interest you to know, Mr. Fitzmaurice, that this car is equipped with every protective device known to science.
For example, this little button activates a .
50 caliber cannon machine-gun.
Sorry about that.
Now this little knob over here activates the ejector seat.
Now this knob over here activates the smoke screen.
Now this knob over here fires the .
50 caliber machine-gun cannon.
Max: Well, we made it.
Fitzmaurice: We certainly did.
Mr. Fitzmaurice, what happened?
I met with an accident-- him!
I hope you're not gonna let that little incident in the car change your opinion of me.
Oh, it doesn't change it.
It merely confirms it.
Max, we met with the foreign minister and he's willing to meet with Mr. Fitzmaurice.
Miss Magruder and I are going back to the chief's office to get some more background information.
Very well, 99.
But be very careful.
The streets don't seem safe today.
Well, Mr. Fitzmaurice, you are about to see for yourself the thorough, effective and ingenious methods by which Control protects those who represent the forces of goodness and niceness in their ever-recurring battle against the forces of evil and badness.
You can use that sentence in your article if you like.
Now as you know, the foreign minister is here in room 822a.
Now this may look like an ordinary door to you, but observe.
You open the door.
Not this door.
That door.
Clever!
False room 822, false foreign minister, and false window.
False corridor B, false elevator number one, false maid-- Not bad, Larrabee, but I think you'd do a lot better if you shaved your arms.
And here we have false room 822.
Well!
False room 822a, false foreign minister B, and false window C. False corridor C, false elevator two, false maid B, false room 822b.
All seems very effective.
Yes.
It's a little hard on room service, though.
Are there any real rooms on this floor?
Naturally not, because, you see, this is a false eighth floor.
Oh, this is a false eighth floor?
Yes, the real eighth floor is on the ninth floor.
Oh, then the floor below this is the seventh floor.
No, you see, we didn't have room in this building for the seventh floor, so we put it in the building next door.
Now the building next door has two seventh floors.
- Two seventh floors?
- Yes, it's a very interesting thing to know in case you ever go there, which you probably won't, because the building next door is a false building.
The building next door is a false building?
Yes.
Now you see, this is control's own special floor.
There's only one real room on the whole floor and this is it.
- Fantastic!
- Here, come on.
Well, Mr. Fitzmaurice, I hope you see how brilliantly Control protects its friends.
Foreign Minister Udano, I'd like you to meet Mr. Fitzmaurice of "Week News".
How do you do?
Another false foreign minister?
Max: No, a dead one.
-  - Wait a minute.
This man isn't dead.
He's unconscious.
At least he's lying down.
It's obvious that he's been drugged.
We'd better get him over to the Control lab right away.
They'll know what to do.
What's the matter?
Haven't you ever seen artificial respiration before?
Rather a strange place for a laboratory.
Yes, it's another one of Control's ingenious hideouts.
You see, our chief scientist, Dr. Steele, is a chorus girl.
Oh.
- Wardrobe trunk door.
- Oh, naturally.
Do you have such a thing as a "door door" in this organization?
Yes, but it's a window.
Oops.
- Dr. Steele, are you decent?
- Uh-huh.
Have to be careful.
Last time I just walked right in and she was-- you know.
Dr. Steele, here's the patient.
Put him there, please.
Dr. Steele, this is Mr. Fitzmaurice of "Week News" magazine.
- Nice to meet you.
- How do you do?
Mr. Fitzmaurice, Dr. Steele is one of the world's greatest experts in the field of drugs and poisons.
Graduate of Stanford, six years at Johns Hopkins, four years at the Winthrop Institute of Research, and two years on the road with "Hello, Dolly"!
Well!
He's obviously been under the influence of some powerful drug.
He has to make a speech before the joint sessions of Congress tomorrow.
Will he be all right by then?
If I can't find an antidote by tomorrow, I'll go back to the Radio City Rockettes.
Bring him in here.
Easy - What happened?
- We were talking to him, Max, and he just fell over at his desk.
He's alive, but we can't seem to wake him up.
Put him over here, please.
Is this a normal day at Control?
Oh, no.
The day has just begun.
Uh, what I mean is, Dr. Steele will have them both back on their feet in no time.
He's under the influence of the same kind of drug.
I'd venture to guess it's akin to curare, - only not as deadly.
-  However, I am sure that I can find an an-- ti dote.
Dr. Steele!
Dr. Steele!
I think I've seen enough of Control in action.
I'm ready to write my feature article.
Come, Miss Magruder.
Max: One question, Mr. Fitzmaurice-- Will it be a favorable article?
Is he putting me on?
Come, Miss Magruder.
All right.
Well, thank you anyway, Professor Stamen.
It's no use, Max.
Without a sample of the drug, Professor Stamen can't make an antidote for it.
At this rate, they may be asleep three or four more days.
Max?
- Max!
-  Don't ever do that, 99!
Max, you frightened me.
I thought they had gotten you too.
I was just thinking.
I always think with my eyes shut.
- Do you?
- Yes.
Maybe that's why I had so much trouble in school.
I always knew the right answers, but I could never see where to write them down.
- Oh, Max.
- 99, I know who the Kaos agent is.
Who, Max, who?
Would you believe Ah, come in, 86.
Well, how is the article coming, Mr. Fitzmaurice?
Oh, splendid.
Splendid.
- You know, I'm almost finished.
- I'm glad to hear that because you're under arrest!
I beg your pardon?
It's really quite simple.
You're a Kaos agent and you're trying to destroy Control.
Max, you can't mean that!
Keep out of this, 99.
I know what I'm doing.
Take all this down, Miss Magruder.
I might want to change my article.
I feel I've been a bit too kind.
So you think I'm a member of Kaos, do you?
Now how did you leap to that conclusion?
It's an open-and-shut case.
You had access to all our files.
You were in the room with the foreign minister and you were in the room with Dr. Steele.
And how do you explain about the chief?
I was with you all day.
Oh, well, every open-and-shut case has its loophole.
Uh, but I'm sure there's a connection someplace.
Max, the only two people with the chief this morning were Miss Magruder and I. Oh.
99, have you had a security check lately?
Max.
And Miss Magruder and I met with the foreign minister.
Miss Magruder, may I borrow your pencil?
Sometimes it's good to get all the facts down on paper.
Please, Miss Magruder, it's only a pencil!
Max, that's it!
That's how she did it!
It's a poison dart pencil!
Put it down!
What is this all about?
Miss Magruder used that pencil to drug the chief and Dr. Steele and the foreign minister.
Of course, Max suspected her all the time but he had no proof.
Pretending to arrest you was just a clever ruse to get her to show her hand.
Uh, yes, uh-- uh, that's exactly right, what she said.
You see, I suspected Miss Magruder all along but I pretended to arrest you uh, because that was one of those clever ruses that she was talking about.
All right, Miss Magruder, let's go.
Drop your guns.
Is this another one of my clever ruses, 99?
I'm afraid not, Max.
Oh.
It would have been a good one.
We're out in the open now.
Otto, you'll dispose of these three where their bodies won't be discovered for at least a week.
I'll deliver the article to the editor personally.
He'll recognize your inimitable style, my dear, stupid Mr. Fitzmaurice.
Miss Magruder, you've been a wonderful secretary.
But as of now, consider yourself dismissed without severance pay.
-  - Let's go.
Hold it.
Get in.
Get Magruder!
Well, I hope you've changed your mind about us, Mr. Fitzmaurice.
I certainly have.
I was very impressed at how quickly and how efficiently you rounded up that entire group.
The foreign minister will be able to make his speech right on time tomorrow morning.
Once Professor Stamen had a sample of the drug, he was able to make an antidote for it.
I know you will be pleased that I am writing a very favorable article about Control.
Perhaps it should go like this: "Efficient, expert Control once again foils nasty, not-so-nice Kaos due to the efforts of brilliant, brave Agent 86.
Uh, not to mention nice, neat 99.
And capable, competent Chief".
You know, Chief, this is really a pretty wild contraption.
All you have to do is take this eraser out and you've got a blowgun.
-  - Ow!
Well, Mr. Smart, I'm afraid you've made another-- Max!
Now take it easy, Chief.
Let's look at it this way-- Maybe after a nice refreshing little nap, he'll find some more nice things to write about us.
{END OF EPISODE 22}{START OF EPISODE 23}
Uh, right away, 99.
All right.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
a fantastic disguise.
- I never would have recognized you.
- But-- but I'm not 99.
See, what did I tell you?
Please, Mr. Smart, take it easy.
Talk softly, I beg of you.
Oh, I get it.
You came here to deliver a secret message.
Secret?
Heavens no!
I want the whole world to know about this.
You do?
- The why are we whispering?
- Please, Mr. Smart, there is no need for shouting.
Well, if we talk any softer, we'll have to send each other letters.
Who are you anyway?
My name is Albert Pfister.
P-f-i-s-t-e-r.
The "P" is silent like in pneumonia.
Oh, really?
You know that's very strange.
I had the same problem with the last "L" in "Maxwell".
Look, Mr. Pfister, I really would like to talk to you, but I don't have any time.
My associate is coming to pick me up.
Oh, but look, it won't take a moment.
I represent the-- Uh, please, Mr. Pfister, we already gave at the office.
Oh, but that's impossible.
I couldn't find your CONTROL office.
Well, of course not, Mr. Pfister.
CONTROL is one of the most highly secret government agencies in the world.
Wait a minute.
If you couldn't find CONTROL, how did you know where to find me?
Oh, I telephoned KAOS and they gave me this address.
Oh yes, of course.
You see, Mr. Smart, you must listen to me.
The world is destroying itself with its own sounds.
Loud automobiles, squeaky shoes, noisy machines cranking out other noisy machines.
Yes, well, that's what we call progress.
Then we must reverse progress.
We have to take the world back to the beginning-- when it was peaceful, quiet, tranquil, when a man could even hear a blade of grass growing.
Oh, please, Mr. Smart, sign my petition.
Uh, your petition.
Yes, well-- it wouldn't do me any good to sign your petition, Mr. Pfister.
You see, I'm a spy and my fountain pen is filled with invisible ink.
Now if you'll just excuse me, please.
Mr. Smart, join my crusade, I beg of you.
Help me to eliminate all the noise in the world before it's too late.
-  - Oh.
Excuse me, but that's my associate now.
Well, won't you-- won't you please sign my petition?
I'm sorry, Mr. Pfister, but I can't sign that petition.
Quiet is un-American.
You were my last hope, Mr. Smart.
Since you won't help me eliminate the noise of the world, I'll just have to eliminate the world itself.
Look, Max, there it is.
So that's the new secret message drop.
Max, it exploded!
I don't understand, 99.
The whole thing blew up without a sound.
But that's impossible.
Explosions make noise and we didn't hear a thing.
- Then what happened to the statue, Max?
- I don't know.
That's unbelievable.
The statue blew up without a sound.
What could have caused it?
It's incredible, absolutely unbelievable.
Are you sure you were looking directly at that statue when it blew up?
Yes, chief, it exploded in complete silence.
I could hardly believe my eyes.
It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen.
Uh almost.
We're in trouble.
It looks as if KAOS has come up with a weapon that could completely revolutionize the art of sabotage: - A silent explosive.
- Yes.
And there's only one man who could be responsible for it.
Their vice president in charge of public relations and terror.
My old enemy Siegfried.
I think I'd better have a talk with Mr. Siegfried.
Good thinking, Max, but how are you gonna find him?
Very simple, 99.
I happen to know that Ludwig will be at the Smithsonian Institute at 9:00 A.M. on Tuesday.
Max, who cares about Ludwig?
What about Siegfried?
Chief, you don't understand.
"Ludwig" is the KAOS code name for Siegfried.
And "9:00 A.M. on Tuesday" is actually 11:00 A.M. on Thursday.
It's almost that time now.
You'd better get started for the Smithsonian right away.
Chief, "the Smithsonian" is the KAOS code name for "park".
Max, get going right away!
Right, chief.
Listen, why don't you try that on your head for a while?
Well, 99, that statue is KAOS's new secret message drop.
Isn't that strange, Max, KAOS having a secret message drop in the same park where we have ours?
What's so strange about that?
They pay their taxes the same way we do.
They're entitled.
Max, they represent evil.
are open to everybody, regardless of race, creed or purpose.
I don't see Siegfried.
He must be around here somewhere.
Yes, I'd like to ask him where he gets the nerve to blow up our personal property.
Where have you-- where have you been?
I've been waiting und waiting und standing here for 17 seconds.
I was stopped by a little old man.
What kind of a little old man stopped you?
- With red earmuffs.
- Who wears red earmuffs - in weather like this?
- The little old man who stopped me.
A little old man stopped me today.
What did he ask from you?
He wanted me to sign a piece of paper.
- Did you sign the piece of paper?
- No.
That's good.
You can't write anyway.
Now listen, as long as you're here, this is the instructions for the day.
First of all--  And secondly--   How do you like that?
They destroyed their own property.
With the same silent explosion that hit ours.
I know that, 99.
Anybody couldn't have heard that.
And thirdly, when you go to the statue, inside the statue's mouth you'll find the  - Got it?
- Hmm?
You're stupid!
You  sissy!
- Siegfried?
- What is it?
Where is the statue?
What do you mean, where is the statue?
I was watching the statue and it exploded before my eyes.
- It exploded?
You hear an explosion?
- No.
How could something explode if you didn't hear an explosion?
You're right, Siegfried.
- Then the statue is there, right?
- Of course.
So-- where's the statue?
- Siegfried?
- What?
There is Maxwell Smart and Agent 99.
They blew up our statue.
Do you understand the instructions?
Yeah.
First we--  - Second-- -   So, Smart, you return to the scene of your crime to witness your own nefarious handiwork, eh?
If I knew what you were talking about, Siegfried, I'd answer that.
Come on, Smart, do not play games with me.
You personally blew up our statue.
Admit it!
I did not personally blow up your statue!
But you personally blew up our statue.
Admit that!
KAOS had nothing to do with your explosion.
You have my word on it.
Max, would you take the word of a man who is a murderer, a thief and a liar?
Only if he were sincere.
Look, Smart, I'll take your word you didn't blow up our statue and you take my word I didn't blow up your statue.
All right, Siegfried.
We believe each other.
- You did it, right?
- He did it, right?
-  -  Oh, this is ridiculous.
We're not getting anywhere.
Now supposing we believe each other, so what?
Someone blew up those statues.
Who was it?
And why didn't the explosions make any noise?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
A funny little man came to my apartment this morning with some crazy idea about making the world a quieter place to live in.
Wait another minute!
This morning a funny little man came to my apartment with some idea about making the world a quieter place to live in.
Was he wearing red earmuffs?
Ja.
I wonder if it was the same man.
Max, there's a pigeon on your shoulder.
Yes, 99, I know there's a pigeon on my-- get him off!
Look, Max, there's a message on his leg.
What does it say?
"Dear KAOS and CONTROL, I have paid you both back for your refusal to help me.
Now the entire world will be made to suffer.
In six hours, every major capital city in the globe will be destroyed by use of my miraculous new explosive-- Nitrowhisperin.
Signed, Albert 'The "P" Is Silent' Pfister".
Max, this is horrible.
He could blow up the entire world and no one would ever hear about it.
That's not the worst of it, 99.
If he blew up the entire world, there'd be nothing for KAOS and CONTROL to fight over.
We'd be out of a job.
True, Smart, true.
Let's stop this fooling around and find this fellow Pfister.
If that pigeon were only a parrot, he could tell us where he came from.
Max, that's it!
This is a trained bird.
He's a homing pigeon.
Why don't we just let him go and follow him home?
- You don't like my idea?
- I love your idea, 99, because it's my idea.
You took it right out of my head.
That's what comes from working with someone so long.
But I don't understand.
How can we follow a bird in flight?
How can you follow a bird in flight?
You know something, Siegfried, for a KAOS killer who's supposed to have some brains, you have absolutely no imagination whatsoever.
How can you follow a bird in flight?
how can you follow a bird in flight?
You attach a homing device to the homing pigeon's leg and then you home in on him and then you follow him home.
That's how you follow a bird in flight.
Now all we need's a homing device.
KAOS is always prepared.
I just happen to have one right here.
Shtarker!
Yes, well, you'll find that CONTROL is also always prepared.
I happen to have here my mini direction finder which will home in on your homing device.
All right, Smart, the homing device has been attached - und activated.
-  Good work, Siegfried.
Now, all we have to do is to launch the bird and then we can follow his every movement on my mini direction finder.
Then hurry, we have only 56 minutes left to save the world und our jobs.
Come on, let's go!
He's getting away!
The world-- the world is going to be destroyed in another You're stupid!
This is no time to stop for traffic lights!
Don't tell that to me!
Tell it to the pigeon!
look, Max, he's flying into the park.
We'll have to follow our fine feathered friend on foot.
Yes, well, I hope he decides to walk too or we'll never catch him.
Come on.
Max, here he is!
How do you like this?
and he stops to take a bath!
I hope that he is not a she.
What difference does it make, Shtarker?
I may be a killer, but I am not a peeping tom.
We've gotta get that bird moving.
Let me handle this, 99.
All right, bird, get out of there.
Go on now, get out of there, bird!
I'll handle it, Smart!
All right, bird.
Fly up!
So you won't fly, eh?
We have ways of making you fly.
You have other relatives living in the park, nein?
Track him on your homing device, Max.
Right, 99.
- I can't.
- Why not?
I shorted it out.
All right, whoever you are, come out with your hands up!
You're wasting your time, Max, there's no one here.
Well, whoever it was, he left in a hurry.
How could you be sure?
Well, obviously he knows the world is gonna blow up in 10 minutes and he was hurrying to get away.
Then he couldn't have gone far.
All right, everybody, spread out and search the premises!
Max: if you don't mind, Siegfried, I'm still giving the orders around here.
All right, everybody, spread out and search the premises.
Ahem!
Pfister: Mr. Smart.
Max, we're trapped.
It's Pfy-ster-- uh, Pfister-- the quiet man.
Not so loud, Mr. Smart.
You were right the first time.
Now then, gentlemen, if you'll just toss your guns onto that counter over there, I'll be very happy.
Well, all right, Pfister, but it's gonna make a heck of a noise.
No, it will be silent as the grave.
Your grave, Mr. Smart.
That's fantastic, it didn't make any noise at all.
That's right.
You just witnessed the first demonstration of my latest invention-- sound-absorbing wood.
My entire life has been a crusade against this continuous- noise-filled world.
For example, my phonograph.
Listen.
I don't hear anything.
Beautiful, isn't it?
It's the only record in the world that plays three minutes of golden silence.
Well, it certainly is a catchy little tune, Pfister.
Could we hear the flip side?
Unfortunately there is no time, Mr. Smart.
Soon, my Nitrowhisperin will write an end to this noise-filled world I loathe.
Well, I got to give you a lot of credit, Pfister.
A lot of people talk about hating the world, but nobody does anything about it.
That's right.
And if it hadn't been for a fortunate accident I wouldn't have been able to do anything about it.
While I was working on my noiseless firecracker for the Fourth of July, I stumbled on Nitrowhisperin.
But enough of this.
Your time has expired.
Cuckoo.
Cuckoo.
Cuckoo.
How do you like that?
He invented a cuckoo with laryngitis.
Yes, but what you failed to hear, Mr. Smart, was the beginning of the end.
Now then, if you'll all accompany me to the roof you'll see the destruction of this planet with no more sound than the cooing of a dove.
Well, Mr. Smart, what do you think of my-- my private air force?
I think you have a vivid imagination, Mr. Pfister.
They look like ordinary pigeons to me.
Not ordinary.
They're all homing pigeons, Mr. Smart, brought from every city on earth.
And on each leg is a small vial of Nitrowhisperin.
Max, this is terrible.
Those birds are from some of the most important cities in the free world.
Yes, and those birds are from some of the most important cities in the not-so-free world.
At least he doesn't believe in playing favorites.
Pfister: I wouldn't dream of it, Mr. Siegfried.
They'll soon be winging back to the place of their birth.
And the impact will activate the Nitrowhisperin and eliminate every city in a a great big glorious burst of silence.
The ultimate weapon-- kamikaze pigeons.
And now it's time to send them on their silent flight to oblivion.
And just in case you have any idea of interfering, I'd like to warn you I'm a crack shot.
Siegfried, we gotta stop him before he pulls those levers.
But you heard him.
He'll kill the first one who moves.
Yes, but while he's doing that, the others can grab him.
All right.
After you move, I'll lead the attack.
That's not exactly what I had in mind.
You might as well stop shouting, gentlemen.
Soon the only sounds you will hear will be my feathered friends singing the swan song to the world.
Max, we've got to do something fast.
Don't worry, 99, I'm way ahead of you.
Say, Pfister, since this is the end of the world anyway, do you mind if I have a last cigarette?
Don't worry, it won't make any noise.
It's a filter.
ooh!
An ingenious device, Smart.
What is it?
The old long-playing- high-frequency- ultrasonic- stereophonic-strike-the-match- against-the-sounding-board trick.
Works every time, Siegfried.
Well, looks like you and I have saved the world together.
It just goes to show you, Siegfried, that enemies can sometimes be friends.
True, Smart, true.
Right, Shtarker?
and now I am going to destroy your half of the world alone.
Max, he's gonna release the free-world pigeons!
Siegfried: That's right, cookie.
And there's nothing you can do to stop me.
Do you think he'd fall for the old long-playing-high-frequency- - stereophonic-- -  I'm afraid not, Max.
Just one flick of my hand and KAOS will have won its greatest victory.
Just one flick of your hand and KAOS will be out of business, Siegfried.
You got your hand on the wrong lever.
Shtarker!
Stand aside, Max, I've got him covered!
you have lost once again, Smart.
You see, that bird I just released is headed  for the Pentagon.
Max, the Pentagon!
It's doomed.
So, Smart, you may have won the battle, but I won the war.
He's right, Max.
In a few seconds that bird will be flying over the pentagon and it'll be the end.
Max, look!
Did I hear you say that one of my birds went over the Pentagon?
Yes.
I'm afraid my archenemy and good friend Siegfried released it.
Pfister: No, he didn't.
That bird is not flying over the pentagon.
That bird, labeled "Pentagon," I'm afraid is headed for one of your two headquarters.
Don't tell me!
KAOS?
Yes, KAOS.
I asked you not to tell me that!
{END OF EPISODE 23}{START OF EPISODE 24}
I'm being followed by a CONTROL agent - disguised as an ice cream vendor.
- All right, quick, inside.
I'll divert him, and meet you in the communications room.
Right.
Say, did you just see a guy run by here?
- Can you describe him?
- Describe him, yes-- - he was wearing thick glasses.
- A man with thick glasses.
Yes.
He ordered tutti-frutti and I gave him pistachio by mistake.
As a matter of fact I did.
I think he ran across the street to that bakery.
Across the street to the bakery.
Thank you very much.
Hello?
This is a fine time for the Chief to be out.
Where is he?
The Chief is out on a case, Max.
I'm sitting in for him.
Listen, 99.
I just followed a KAOS agent to their secret communication headquarters on Z Street.
It's a bakery.
I'm gonna crack this case wide open.
Max, listen.
The Chief is-- There's no time to wait, 99.
I wanna catch him red-handed.
Besides, my phone is melting.
All right, fella, get 'em up!
Come on, up!
I'm sorry.
You're gonna have to take a number and wait your turn.
There's somebody ahead of you.
Thank you very, very much.
Number seven, huh?
All right, fella, I'm finished fooling around with you.
Where did you hide the communications equipment?
I don't know what you're talking about.
- That bread-- - Yeah?
I'm having spaghetti for dinner tonight.
This should go very good with it.
The old "communications- equipment- in-the-French-bread" trick.
Max, what on earth are you doing?
Just destroying some KAOS communication equipment, Chief.
By the way, what are you doing in a KAOS bakery?
This is not a KAOS bakery-- it's a CONTROL bakery, and you have just smashed CONTROL's triangulation equipment.
- This is a CONTROL bakery?
- Yes!
Oh.
Well, in that case, I'll have a prune danish, and a strawberry chiffon pie.
You just fouled up Operation Sourdough!
Well, Chief, you're not going to tell the White House about this, are you?
I don't see how I can avoid it.
You know how the President's been concerned about Operation Sourdough.
He's expecting a report today.
Smart on radio: Listen, Chief, put in a good word for me when you talk to the President.
I'm sorry I blew the job, but it's not all my fault.
After all, you did give me the assignment.
Chief on radio: I'll do what I can, Max.
Come on.
Let's get back to CONTROL.
I have to make that call.
They're going to call the White House.
What they don't know is we've tapped into their hotline.
This is the break we've been waiting for.
Right, Mr. President?
My good friends, according to the latest poll which I've just taken, I must announce, with a heavy heart, that CONTROL will soon be out of business.
Chief, do we have to call the President now?
Couldn't we put it off for, say, a month or two?
Max, he's waiting for a report.
There's no way to avoid it.
Chief, as a favor to me, go easy on Max.
As a favor to me too.
Gorshen as Johnson: Good afternoon, Thaddeus.
Let us reason together.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
I have a preliminary report on Operation Sourdough.
Good.
Have you located KAOS' communications center?
Well, sir, we had a little setback.
Due to a mix-up, we lost our bakery cover, and our triangulation equipment was smashed.
This is terrible.
Is Smart there?
Yes, sir, but in defense of Smart, I must remind you that he's solved an impressive number of cases.
Thaddeus, kindly refrain from flapping your gums and put me on conference call.
I have something to say to you and Smart.
He wants to talk to both of us.
Mr. President, I can explain everything that happened.
You don't have to, son.
As for you, Thaddeus, I'm relieving you of your post.
As of this moment, you are no longer Chief of CONTROL.
I'm busting you to Agent Second Class.
- But-- - No buts.
You can't make mistakes on this job.
You're not the State Department, you know.
As for you, Smart, in recognition of your fine record, as of this moment, you are now Chief of CONTROL.
Yes, you.
And use all measures you deem necessary to make that organization function properly.
I'm sending you my efficiency expert, Matt Brady to assist you.
Give him all the cooperation you can.
- Have you got that?
- Yes, sir.
Good.
And now, as my old pappy used to say, "Head 'em up, and move 'em out".
Worked like a charm.
Right!
Brady, now it's up to you.
I want every CONTROL file on microfilm.
Do you have the equipment?
- I'm all set.
- Right.
Tie camera.
Ring camera.
When I get through with CONTROL, there won't be a secret left.
I can't believe it.
I just can't believe it.
Well, don't take it so hard, Chief.
They couldn't have picked a better man.
There'll be a few things that you'll be needing-- here's my Chief's badge, my codebook-- Yes, I'll be needing the keys to your apartment too, Chief.
That's government property.
You can use mine until you find something else.
You're all heart, Max.
If you'll excuse me, I'll go move.
Just a moment.
I don't think we should call you "Chief" from now on.
That wouldn't be proper.
What was your old number?
- Q. - "Q"?
Yes.
I was an agent before they switched to numbers.
Yes.
Well, "Q" it is.
Now if you two will excuse me, I think I'd better get things in order, but I want you here bright and early in the morning.
I want this place hopping at 6:00!
- Oh, Max-- - You can call me Chief, 99.
We've known each other a long time, Chief, and I hope you're not going to make too many changes.
Don't worry, 99.
This job is not going to go to my head.
three, four, hup!
Three, four!
Hup, two, three, four!
Hup, two, three, four!
Hup, two, three, four, rear, march!
Full ahead flank, harch.
Right flank, harch.
Left flank, harch.
Report, report, report, report, platoon halt!
That's terrific, men.
Now you're really getting into the swing of things.
Okay, let's line up for deep knee bends!
He's gotta be kidding!
We won't have an agent left if he keeps this up.
All right, deep knee bends!
Hup, two, three, four, up and down and up and down and up and down-- come on, get down there!
I can't take any more of this.
Can you?
All right, mister, I heard that.
That will cost you three demerits.
All right, men, that's enough.
Can we go back to our offices now, Max-- uh, Chief?
You'll go back to your offices when I say you'll go back to your offices.
All right, men, let's line up for inspection.
About face!
One step backward, take!
All right, let's get that chest in, that chin out.
All right, Stafford, get that gut in.
All right, Mr. Brady, step forward.
Gentlemen, I would like you to meet Mr. Brady, our new Presidential Assistant.
You will give him complete cooperation, and access to all CONTROL files.
All right Larrabee, take Brady and show him around.
Right, Chief.
This way, Brady.
All right, the rest of you men are dismissed.
Okay, let's go, let's go!
Move out!
Come on, come on, old timer, move out!
Move out, move!
Good morning, Chief.
Well in case you're interested, it's 7:00.
You people aren't in the army, you know.
You can't just come rolling in here any time you feel like it.
Our day starts here at 6:00!
Sorry about that, Chief.
I was delayed by your former landlady-- a little matter of two months' back rent you owed.
And 99 was kind enough to drive me down here because you found it necessary to take my car.
Well, those are your own personal problems.
I can't get involved in those.
You'll have to work them out for yourself.
You'd better punch in.
You're docked one hour.
Chief, I'd like to talk to you.
All right, but make it snappy.
I don't have all day.
I have to clean up a big mess that was left here by my predecessor.
I'd like to take another crack at Operation Sourdough.
My predecessor left that in kind of a mess.
And you think you can do better?
- I can try.
- Give him another chance, Chief.
Well, all right.
But don't mess it up.
I'd hate to have to tell the President that you blew another one.
What's your plan of operation?
Well, 99, I think that KAOS is somehow connected to The Mustache Cup.
I plan to get a job there as a singing waiter.
Oh, I didn't know you could sing!
Yes, I used to be soloist with the college glee club.
Oh.
As a matter of fact, when I sang a certain note in a certain way, I was able to shatter a glass.
That's marvelous.
Do you think you can still do it?
I don't know, it's been some time.
Well, why don't you give it a try?
Who knows?
You may need a new career.
All right, here goes.
Ah-hh!
Amazing!
Yes, it certainly is amazing.
That'll be $40 for the mirror, not to mention the seven years' bad luck.
That started yesterday.
These drawers are in the worst shape I've ever seen anything in my life.
The Chief was really a slob!
What's this sandwich doing here?
You put that there yesterday, Chief, while you were only Max.
Well, Max couldn't afford to eat out.
The Chief can.
Chief, Brady's going though everything with a fine-tooth comb.
Are you sure you can trust him?
I can trust him like I trust "L".
- "L"?
- LBJ.
- We're on a first-name basis now.
- Oh.
How's everything coming, Brady?
This should just about do it.
Just a minute, Brady.
Yes?
I forgot this.
It's a photo file with the name of every CONTROL agent, his position, and his assignment.
This should wrap it up very nicely.
Yes, I though so.
Now when your boss hears about my cooperation, who knows what he might have in mind for me?
We kill him, of course.
Smart's the only one who can identify all three of us.
Well, I'd better get downstairs.
I'm breaking in a new waiter tonight.
Mr. Gorshen, the couple at that table over there asked for a bottle of Chateau Marcel '63.
- Where do I find that?
- In the wine room, Irving.
- Door at the end of the hall.
- Thank you, sir.
Not that door, Irving.
The other one.
Oh.
Thank you.
Chief Smart here.
- Chief, this is Agent Q. - Smart: Who?
- Q!
- Oh, it's you, Q. - What's new?
- I'm at The Mustache Cup.
I'm sure that the KAOS communications center - is located here.
- Good work, Q. If that is the KAOS communications center, from this moment on, you'll be facing torture and death.
And loving it.
Well, Brady, how would you like to see our organization in action?
I'd love to.
Good.
I just got a call from one of our agents.
He thinks he's stumbled onto the KAOS communications center in a place called "The Mustache Cup".
Oh, which agent was that?
I don't think I'm going to tell you that.
You've seen pictures of all our agents, I tell you what I'll do-- I'll bet you $10 you can't crack his disguise.
All right, you got a bet.
Max, that's not fair!
He'll never find him.
His picture isn't in the file.
Quiet, 99.
$10 is $10.
Let's go.
Turn around and keep your hands over your head Agent Q. All right, Q. This is the end of your assignment.
Well, Brady?
Can you pick out the CONTROL agent?
Which one do you think it is?
The hat check girl?
The woman who just finished singing?
The tourist at table 15, or perhaps table 15 itself?
Could you excuse me?
I think I have to call my wife.
She's expecting me for dinner.
You wanna make it $20, Brady?
We can afford it if you can.
Max, you know he can't spot someone he's never seen!
Exactly.
Table for two?
Make it a table for three.
And a good one, my man, I have an unlimited expense account.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, so it's you, Q. Chief, what a wonderful disguise.
I didn't know you.
How could you?
I'm the Chief.
What's new, Q?
I've got a KAOS agent tied up in the wine room.
Now that's next door to a guarded door that must lead to the KAOS communications center.
We've got to get in there.
Yes, well, I'll think of a plan later.
Right now, I think you'd better take us to our table.
- But we-- - No buts!
Take us to our table.
And remember that your job is hanging by a thread as it is.
This is a very interesting place.
Yes.
Everybody sings-- the customers, waiters, everybody.
I think I'd better take your order before anybody gets suspicious.
Why don't you have the spaghetti?
It's only $1.85.
Oh, good idea, Chief.
Okay, Chief?
Don't be ridiculous.
A man in my position has to go first class.
Let's see now.
We'll have the "tornadoes" of beef with "Bernasie" sauce, asparagus "vigganetty," "patty" de foie gras, Cherries Jubilee, and let's see-- for dessert, I think we'll just top it off with three orders of "Maiter de hotel".
"Maitre d'hotel" means "head waiter," Max.
I know that, 99.
He will be serving us.
Max, that's going to be very expensive!
There's no problem.
I found my predecessor's credit cards in his desk.
I'm putting you down for spaghetti, and that's that.
That just goes to show you, 99, give a man an inch, and-- - How does that go?
- I don't know, Max.
Hmm-- oh, I know how it goes.
Give a man an inch, and right away he thinks he's a ruler.
We've gotta find that CONTROL agent.
Smart might have pulled a fast one.
There's not one face out there that matches the agent's file.
Where's Bolger?
Maybe he has some ideas.
I don't know where he went, but until he gets back we'll get Smart to reveal the name of the spy and then we'll take care of all three.
Well, Brady, you've had a chance to look around.
Who do you think the CONTROL agent is?
I've got it.
It's the cigarette girl, right?
Wrong.
We don't have any CONTROL agents with legs like that.
Oh, sorry, 99, nothing personal, it's just that I've always thought of you as one of the boys.
I noticed.
Waiter, can't you get anything right?
I didn't order any salad.
Compliments of the chef, sir.
It's his specialty.
Note the dressing-- even the aroma has a message.
One sniff and you're in danger of becoming addicted to it.
Really?
Well, I don't eat salad.
Eat it.
It's good for you.
Besides, you'll insult the chef if you don't eat it.
Oh.
Well, we wouldn't want to insult the chef.
On second thought, I think we should insult the chef.
This tastes like paper!
All right, Irving, it's your turn to sing.
- Huh?
- Come on, let's go.
It's part of the job.
You're on!
Max, did you hear that?
Yes, he doesn't have a bad voice, but he's lousy with lyrics!
That's the CONTROL singing code!
"Curds and whey " means "KAOS agent".
"Cigarette" means "imposter," and "Wenceslas" means "get away".
Check, 99, you took the words right out of my mouth.
But who could the KAOS agent be?
- Brady?
- Yes?
Do you have any idea who it is?
No, no.
But maybe I'd better look around and see what I can find out.
Excuse me for just a minute.
I'll be right back.
That waiter is the CONTROL agent.
He's trying to warn Smart and 99.
Well, we'll just have to stop him.
Max, look!
Brady and that other man have guns on the Chief.
Brady must be the KAOS agent!
You're right, 99.
Come on, let's go.
Max: So you tapped the hotline and imitated the President's voice.
Well, looks like you're Chief again, Chief.
Just don't sit there, take charge, and get us outta here!
All right, Max, I'll take charge, and here's my first order.
Stop flapping your gums!
- Now do you wanna talk?
- Talk about what?
- You have all our files on film.
- Precisely.
We intend to make some money on them before we turn them over to KAOS headquarters.
You'll call the President on the phone, explain the situation.
He'll send us $10 million.
If we don't get the money, KAOS gets the film.
Forget it.
I don't believe you.
And besides, we're not worth $10 million to the government.
Just a moment, Chief, speak for yourself!
You may not be worth $10 million to the government, but I consider a crackerjack agent like myself worth more than 10 million!
As a matter of fact, I think that 10 million is dirt cheap for me.
If you're not going to call the President, I am.
Max!
Don't you dare touch that phone.
That's an order!
I'm sorry, Chief, but this is one order I'm gonna have to disobey.
I consider it my duty to my country to try to save us at any cost.
Now if you'll just untie me, I'll make that phone call.
Oh, there's just one small problem.
This hotline won't activate to the White House unless the Chief sings a certain note.
Well, Chief, are you ready to sing for your life?
- Max, what-- - You know, Chief, - like you sang in the gym today.
- Come on, sing!
All right, if you put it that way.
Ah-ahh    Oh, Max!
How horrible.
Not really, 99.
The window was cracked already from the Chief's high note.
Listen Chief, when you talk to the President, could you put in a good word for me?
Well, he did get us out if it, Chief.
All right.
And put in a good word for yourself, Chief.
Tell him what a great singer you are.
No thanks, Max.
I've had enough singing.
Hello, Mr. President.
I'd like to report that Operation Sourdough-- What?
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Can't get the little fella to sleep, huh?
He's babysitting with his grandson.
Well, sir, have you tried hot milk?
Didn't work, huh?
You want me to what?
All right, sir, put him up to the phone.
{END OF EPISODE 24}{START OF EPISODE 25}
Chief: Your husband served the cause of CONTROL well.
He always conducted himself with honor.
Your husband served the cause of KAOS well.
He always conducted himself with dishonor.
Oh, Max, the funeral of a double agent is a sad thing.
Yes, particularly in this case.
Johann was working for both KAOS and CONTROL.
Now part of him is up there, and part of him is down there.
One of our loveliest cooperative funerals.
I suppose the same arrangement still holds?
- Oh yes.
You pay 40% and we pay 60% .
- Fine.
- The truce, then, is still in effect.
- Yes.
Can I drop you off at your secret headquarters?
I wouldn't want you to go to any trouble.
There's no trouble, Chief.
Their secret headquarters are right on the way to our secret headquarters.
Thank you.
Wait a minute!
Hold it right where you are, everybody.
Get away from that car.
Come on, out!
Exactly what is this all about, Mr. Smart?
Just be quiet and get over there, all of you.
Now, gentlemen, I have reason to believe that a bomb has been attached to this starter.
- What?
!
- Yes, Chief.
It's really quite simple.
You see those two leaves on the windshield?
Somebody obviously lifted up this hood forcing those two leaves to slide back on the windshield.
Max, put the gun away and come over here, please.
- But, Chief-- - Put it away and come here!
Get in, gentlemen, and start the car.
Mr. Smart, ours is a careful organization.
All KAOS cars are equipped with a device which prevents the hood from being lifted until the ignition key is turned to release it.
Well, Max?
Max, you saved the Chief's life!
You were right about the leaves.
Of course I was right about the leaves, 99.
In my observation of nature, I have found that no two leaves can fall from the same tree and land in exactly the same place.
What I don't understand is who would put the bomb in the engine?
They must have known I'd be riding with you.
Who'd want to kill the KAOS Chief and the CONTROL Chief at the same time?
And who would commit the brutal murder of a double agent?
It's a senseless atrocity.
Max: Wait a minute, 99.
Atrocities, cruelties and brutalities.
The thing that we feared for so long has finally come to pass.
What's that, Max?
A.C.B.-- the third spy network.
Assuming there is a third spy network, who's behind it?
A former KAOS agent named Kubacheck.
He quit KAOS two years ago when he was refused a promotion.
He tried to join our side, but we refused him, and he vowed to destroy both KAOS and CONTROL.
That's terrible, Chief.
How are we going to stop Kubacheck?
I have a plan, but you'll need help.
The only available agents are the two new recruits.
Which would you rather work with, Samuels or Wu-Fong?
I think we'd better work with Wu-Fong, Chief.
- Why?
- Well I'm a little rusty on my Mandarin Chinese, and I may have to chase Kubacheck into the Orient.
Oh, all right.
- Larrabee?
- Yes, sir?
Send in Wu-Fong.
What do you say, man?
You're Wu-Fong?
No, man, Wu-Fong is down with a case of American flu.
Chief: All right, everybody sit down, we have work to do.
Samuels: Yeah, man, how do we catch this Kubacheck cat?
It's really quite simple, Samuels.
Find a man who looks like that and you have found Mr. Kubacheck.
I wish it were that easy, Max, but Kubacheck also looks like this and like this and like this.
All of those are Kubacheck, Chief?
They must be putting us on.
No, 99, it's plastic surgery.
And since Kubacheck has dropped out of sight again, I assume he's used it again.
Then it's going to be impossible to identify him.
Kubacheck is a ping-pong fanatic.
He plays equally well with his left hand or his right hand.
He's only been beaten once, and that time, by the legendary Masked Marvel.
He hates The Masked Marvel, and he might just come out in the open for a chance to get back at him.
Then what we have to do is to get The Masked Marvel to issue a challenge.
No, it's too risky, Max.
Kubacheck might kill him.
Now we've got to set up a decoy Masked Marvel.
And you're the one agent who is the right size to pass for him with a mask on.
How do I fit in, Chief?
Your file says that you also play ping-pong well, 99.
You two will make a world ping-pong exhibition tour and smoke Kubacheck out.
I get it, Chief.
We'll be sort of table-tennis bums.
But what about Samuels here?
Three-handed ping-pong is a little tricky.
Samuels will go along as your trainer.
He'll protect you while you're playing.
Is that right, Samuels?
Yeah, well, you know, in the words of that great American patriot, Calvin Coolidge "Sure".
Chief, are you sure we can't get Wu-Fong?
Before you begin training I want to show you some special equipment.
I know what this is.
It's an ordinary ping-pong paddle.
Not quite, Max.
Press the button.
it's a shortwave radio, so you can contact me from anyplace in the world.
Precisely.
What'll they think of next?
I'm glad you asked that, Samuels.
Next we have some miniature hand grenades.
Yes, very cleverly disguised as ordinary ping-pong balls.
Those are ordinary ping-pong balls, Max.
These are the miniature hand grenades.
Exactly.
What about the rest of these paddles, Chief?
They're all equipped with built-in guns to afford you some kind of protection while you're playing.
Well, that's about it.
Not quite, Chief.
Samuels, hand me that box.
Hey, man, come on!
This thing weighs a ton.
What is it?
It's a bulletproof sweater.
Now, what looks like ordinary wool is actually spun lead.
Help me on with this thing.
It's lovely, Max, but how do you play ping-pong in it?
Very slowly.
Your tour begins in two days.
You'd better start practicing.
- Hey, man.
- Yeah, man?
I mean, you know, what's happening?
All work and no Kubacheck Makes Mr. Samuels a dull boy.
No, makes the Chief question our expense account.
Yes, well it may have come to your attention, Mr. Samuels What, sir?
that my ping-pong is becoming quite fantastic.
- Yes, it is.
- Who knows, but little old Mr. Kubacheck may just be afraid to play the old - Masked Marvel with the right forehand.
- Masked Marvel?
Kimosabe.
Well, that's the way the old "Ball bounces" is what you're trying to say.
Yeah, see, you said it, I didn't.
That's what your line was.
Well, look at all the cities we've gotten to see, all the places we've been.
We've even got here to little old Constantinople.
Aw, hey, man, come on now-- I mean, you know, it's Istanbul now, not Constantinople.
Now what ever made Constantinople get the works, man?
That's nobody's business but the Turks.
- The Turks, yes.
I know all about it.
- Yes, it is.
Hey, man, look.
I think you just won the match.
Max: How about that?
Won the little old match.
- Yeah.
- The Masked Marvel did it again.
Wonderful backhand you've got there, yes.
If you'll just come with me, I have a little old plan.
Now here is the plan.
I will take a shower and see you later.
Yes, Mr. Smart, that is indeed a dandy plan.
- I thought it was.
- I will go on ahead, and you tell the dandy plan to 99.
I will tell it to her precisely as I said.
Max, you're beginning to sound just like Samuels.
What were you two talking about?
I haven't the faintest idea, 99, but I'm beginning to enjoy it.
By the way, your ping-pong game is getting to be fantastic.
- Oh really, Max?
- Yes.
Watch it!
You are without a doubt the worst.
What is your usual cover, anyway?
Would you believe a Jewish song-and-dance man?
-  - Who is it?
Woman: A friend, Mr. Smart.
Well, wait a minute, I'm not dressed.
If that looks like what it sounds like you'd better get out a couple of books.
Who are you and how did you know my name?
That's what I wanted to talk to you about alone.
- Ahem-- - I know, don't tell me, go to my room and read a good book.
Try "Les Misérables".
Well, what can I do for you, Miss Tamara.
"Tomorrow"?
I thought you wanted to talk to me today.
I do.
My name is Tamara.
- I'm a dancer.
- Oh, well, I'm sorry.
We're not hiring any dancers today, Tamara.
Dancing is just my cover.
My partner and I are actually CONTROL agents but a man called Kubacheck wants us to defect to A.C.B. - Who is your partner?
- Tahday.
- "Today"?
- Yes, Tahday.
Well what is it?
Yesterday, today, or tomorrow?
Tahday!
That's our act.
"Tahday and Tamara".
But our names will be mud if Kubacheck gets ahold of us.
He's already threatened to kill Tahday.
And Tahday can identify Kubacheck?
No.
Tahday is supposed to go to the club tonight to defect or or die.
And you want me to help you?
Yes, you must come to the club tonight and save Tahday.
All right, I'll come to the club tonight.
- What time tonight?
- Not tonight, today!
The name of the club is the club "Tonight".
Oh, yes, well All right, I'll come to the club "Tonight" today to save Tahday tomorrow.
Yes, well I'll see you later, Tamara.
I mean, I'll see you today to-- you'd better get outta here.
You keep your eyes on the piccolo player, I'll watch Tamara.
Hey, no, man, she's not the one who's in trouble.
Not from Kubacheck, anyway.
Kind gentlemen, lovely lady, it would please me to take your order now.
It would please us to give you our order.
- The usual, 99?
- Yes, thank you.
A champagne cocktail for the lady, I'll have scotch on the rocks and bourbon on the rocks.
Max: Bourbon on the rocks for my little friend here.
Very nice, very wonderful, very original.
Kubacheck has not contacted Tahday yet.
When he does, I will signal you.
How?
Here.
What's wrong, Max?
This is written in Mandarin Chinese.
I told you we should have brought Fong-Wu along.
It's Wu-Fong.
Fong-Wu, Wu-Fong, what's the difference?
He should be here!
Hey, man, come on.
I was reading Mandarin just last night in my room.
'Course this is a little close to the paper, but I think we can make it out.
All righty here.
Mm-hmm.
Just a moment, sir.
This may be his drink.
You see, sir, I was correct.
You had the bourbon.
- No, scotch on the rocks.
- The scotch.
And the bourbon.
Bourbon on the rocks for my little friend.
Would you care for another round, sir?
I certainly would.
Very good, sir.
You shall have it.
Uh-huh.
When the chick spots Kubacheck, she'll go into the dance of the seven veils.
The seven veils, huh?
If Kubacheck sits at table one, she'll take off one veil.
If he's at table two, she'll take off two veils, and so on through the tables-- three, four Both: Five and six.
What if he goes to table seven?
The cops come in, and close the place down.
- Close the whole place down.
- Samuels: Yes, they do.
No, I haven't finished this one yet.
Oh.
Well, then we can't permit it to go stale, can we?
Gentlemen this time I believe we have success.
You sure you've got these straight now?
You see, sir, once again, I am correct.
I have failed you.
But never fear, for Allah is with me.
Well, I wonder if you'd ask Allah to bring the drinks over.
We'd like to get something going here.
Most as-shurem-ly.
- And you had the-- - Scotch on the rocks.
- Bourbon on the rocks.
- Yes, you did.
And the champagne cocktail for the lovely lady.
No, nothing more for me, thank you.
Listen, I hope I'm not out of line, but would you mind bringing us our drinks?
Certainly, sir.
What-- if you'll tell me what it was I was having.
I was having a scotch on the rocks, and my friend here was having bourbon on the rocks.
Forgive me for intruding, sir, but don't you feel that perhaps you've already had enough to drink?
But I haven't had anything to drink.
I didn't even have a little sip-- - Don't but me no buts, sir.
- But you no buts?
- Answer me one question - Answer you a question.
- lf you will, briefly.
- I will, briefly.
- And quickly.
- As quickly as I can.
- Are you driving a car?
- Am I driving-- No, I'm driving a camel.
- Driving a camel-- - Of course I'm driving a car.
I've never been on a camel in my life.
I'd probably fall off the hump and hurt myself.
Driving a car indeed.
In that case, that's it for you.
I can't permit you - to drive and drain.
- Drive and drain.
To drain and drain, because in all cases, you must return this lovely child to her mom.
So in the words of the Maha-riji, "No more booze for you".
Well, I'm learning more about Mr. Kubacheck every minute.
Not only is he a liar, a traitor and a murderer, but he can't even keep an appointment.
Now is that any way to run a third spy network?
Still no Kubacheck, Mr. Smart.
And we're off in five minutes.
Kubacheck must be here.
He's just not showing himself.
Hey, I just remembered something-- Kubacheck never could resist a brawl.
So the plan is we start a fight, and whoever joins in is Kubacheck.
Now that is a dandy little plan.
Yes!
I like that a lot.
Now, all we have to see is that you don't hurt yourself.
Oh, well, yeah, you're all-- All heart.
A lot of heart in here.
No, thumbs.
That-- that was cute.
That was cute!
Sneaky, but cute, cute.
I like that.
Okay, now all you have to do is watch my right hand.
Hmm.
That must be Kubacheck.
Or maybe that's Kubacheck?
Ow!
Hey, man, I count four Kubachecks already.
Here comes number five!
He's still alive, Tamara.
- Who did it, Tahday?
-  What did he say, Max?
He asked me to get my knee off his chest.
Well, that tears it, 99.
Kubacheck got away again.
No!
I saw him.
Kubacheck is-- -  - Max!
Is she--?
Yes, 99.
There's no Tamara.
Samuels, Kubacheck just left.
Did you run into him?
- Man, I ran into somebody!
- Can you describe him?
Well, man, you know, these Turks all look alike to me.
Well, 99, you certainly picked a great time to hurt your arm.
The tournament starts in an hour!
Who am I gonna warm up with?
I know that, Max.
I wanna find Kubacheck as much as you do.
Well, It's not Kubacheck that I'm worried about, it's the hotel.
This tournament pays for all our expenses.
They're liable to confiscate our clothes!
- Samuels!
- Hey, baby!
Here.
You're gonna have to warm me up.
Warm you-- hey, man, I can't play this game.
I mean, you know-- Don't worry, I'll take it easy on you.
Max, he used his right hand!
So you're Kubacheck.
That's right.
My plastic surgeon is too much.
Well, Samuels or Kubacheck or whatever your name is, drop the paddle, I've got you covered.
Not with that you don't got me covered.
- Oh no?
-  I'm a sportsman.
I'll let you pick the way you wanna die.
Oh, okay.
How about old age?
Tell you what, we'll finish the game.
If you win, I'll release you.
That sounds fair enough.
If you lose, I kill you.
And just to make it interesting, how about $5 on the side?
I had enough of your cornball jokes.
Serve!
Toyed with you long enough, baby.
Game point, coming up.
Max, that's it!
He can't return a lob.
It's all over, Kubacheck.
Care to concede?
Never!
Well, that does it, Kubacheck.
Now if you'll excuse us, we'll just-- Not on your life.
Wait a minute, Kubacheck.
You said if I beat you, you'd release us.
- I lied.
- All right, Kubacheck, drop it.
Chief!
With all the defections to A.C.B., I was the only CONTROL agent I was sure I could trust.
I've been following you since the start.
The old Chief-in-the-brown-beard- and-wig trick!
Well, I guess that just about wraps it up, Kubacheck.
All right, drop it!
All right, let's go.
You three sure you won't change your minds and join my third spy network A.C.B.?
Not a chance, Samuels.
Kinda hate to do you in.
We did have some kicks.
Maybe we should take a vote on it.
You know, try 13 weeks and-- Max!
He's a vicious killer and a traitor!
That's our final decision, Kubacheck!
You can go ahead and shoot now if you want to.
What I had in mind was your idea.
I rigged a small grenade in this ping-pong ball.
Well, that's it.
As George Washington said in his farewell to his troops "Farewell, troops"!
Duck!
Max!
Brilliant return.
How did you do it?
It was really quite simple, 99.
I just took the racket, flicked my wrist, and aimed for that window over there.
{END OF EPISODE 25}{START OF EPISODE 26}
-  -  Oh, so it's you, Bodecker.
Smart, you're not supposed to say, "Oh, so it's you, Bodecker".
- First, the password.
- Right.
"A wet duck only flies at midnight".
"The night is the devil's playground".
"When the swallows come back to Campobello, there'll be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover".
- Okay, Smart.
- Oh, so it's you, Bodecker.
- No.
- "No"?
You're always getting me and Bodecker mixed up.
I'm Rosencrantz.
- Oh, so it's you, Rosencrantz.
- No.
You're supposed to use my code name on this case.
- What's your code name?
- Bodecker.
- Bodecker.
- Do you have them?
Yes, I have them, but they're for your eyes alone.
They're top secret.
Here are your sealed orders.
Bodecker: The envelope wasn't sealed.
Well, my orders were that the envelope wasn't to be sealed.
- Can I see your orders?
- That's impossible.
- Why?
- Because my orders are sealed.
This is an odd assignment.
We're to break into this mansion and take a picture of a portrait hanging in the library.
Of course.
Where else would they hide a painting except behind a wall safe?
- Let's open it.
- No.
There's not enough light.
I'd better use Super-Satchel.
That's terrific!
What did you call that?
- Super-Satchel.
- I'll have to order one from CONTROL.
No, don't get it from CONTROL.
- They'll rob you blind.
- What do I do then?
You'd better get it from a discount scientist.
No!
Don't do that!
You need gloves.
I have gloves.
No, not those kind of gloves.
Fingerprint gloves.
These are the fingerprints of Kessinger, a KAOS agent.
Anything we do, he'll be blamed for.
I can't hear the tumblers clicking.
I'll try.
No!
Don't do that.
You'll leave an ear print.
Here, hold this.
Kessinger's ear.
Bodecker: She's beautiful.
Who is she?
Max: Amanda Krispen.
Oh, yeah.
His estranged wife.
She left him because she was unhappy and went to Pittsburgh.
She couldn't have been that unhappy.
Then she took off for parts unknown.
- Someone's coming.
- I got to take a picture.
You boost me up, then I'll pull you over.
Good idea.
- I'd better get a stronger grip.
- Good idea.
My grip is slipping.
I'd better spit on my hands.
Go right ahead.
I'll boost you up, then you pull me over.
Good idea.
You okay?
Perfect, except for one thing.
- What?
- Next time, that way.
Bodecker: Hurry!
Max: Okay.
Upsy-daisy.
- Only one of us can make it.
- You go.
- You go.
- You go.
- No.
- Okay.
I'll go, you stay.
- And I salute you.
- No, there's no time.
-  - Hurry!
Someone's coming!
-  - Max: Oof!
Thanks.
Bodecker, I salute you.
We have got to find those Krispen papers.
They contain the name of every enemy agent of this country-- every politician, every high-ranking army officer, every dentist who owes allegiance to KAOS.
Yes, well, how do we find them, Chief?
Krispen would do anything to get his wife back.
We're going to make a trade-- his wife for the papers.
But we don't have his wife.
We just have that photograph.
Oh, I think we have more than that, 99.
Max, this is why I wanted you to take that picture last night-- to compare with this one.
But, Chief, if you already had a photograph of Amanda Krispen, why did you need another?
Those two pictures are not of the same girl.
You're kidding.
That is Amanda Krispen-- that is Mimsi Sage.
But the resemblance is fantastic!
Max: Except for the glasses.
It's our plan to have Miss Sage impersonate Amanda Krispen.
Of course, she'll have to be trained.
She's not an agent.
- What does she do?
- We don't have much on her.
We know that she writes children's books.
She wrote "The Tiger That Couldn't," "The Elephant That Wouldn't" and "The Pussy That Would Like To".
Well, do you think we can get her to cooperate with us, Chief?
I don't know.
I think she'll have to be talked into being a spy.
Yes, well, I'm willing to take a fling at it, Chief.
- You start tomorrow.
- Couldn't I start this afternoon?
No, Max.
I want you to read all of her books, get to know everything you can about her.
Oh, incidentally, we have information that Gruvnik of KAOS knows about Miss Sage.
- He may be after her too.
- Gruvnik the Spoiler?
But I thought Gruvnik was with THRUSH.
Yes, well, he was traded just before the deadline for a rookie killer and two minor-league muggers.
- Would you let me go with you, Max?
- Uh, no no no no.
I'll be perfectly all right, 99.
I won't.
- Watch your head on that thing, 99.
Right.
- Hello.
- Hello.
Uh, I'm Maxwell Smart.
I'm a great admirer of your books.
Oh, that's nice.
I've read everything that you've written, from "The Clock That Lost lts Tock" to "Happy Hippo Takes A Trip".
You read "The Clock That Lost lts Tock"?
Hardly anybody read that.
Oh, I read it.
I remember it well.
"Tick and tock lived in a clock, and all day long, the clock would go, 'tick-tock, tick-tock.
' then one day, tick and tock had a fight, and tick wouldn't talk to tock, and tock wouldn't talk to tick.
So tick ran away, and then all the clock could do was go, 'tock, tock, tock".
' - You did read it.
- Yes.
I couldn't put it down.
- I was up all night with it.
- Well, it's only 12 pages.
Uh, 12 pages.
Yes, well There's some very small print there.
I reread it many times.
Well, would you like for me to autograph a book for you, Mr.-- Mr. Smart?
How about the guest book in my apartment?
What are you doing for dinner tonight?
Um, eating.
Eating.
Yes.
Well, couldn't we eat together?
Oh, I'm sorry, I can't.
I have to watch a mouse tonight.
- A mouse?
- Yes.
You see, I do my own illustrating, and I have to study the mouse so I can draw it for my new book, "Seymour, the Psychedelic Mouse".
"Seymour, the Psychedelic Mouse".
Yes.
Oh.
Well, couldn't you do that tomorrow night?
Oh, no, I rented the mouse for tonight.
Miss Sage, I'm with the government.
We need your help.
The government?
Well, I certainly want to help the government.
That's our government, isn't it?
Uh, yes.
Yes, that's our government.
I'm with the CONTROL agency.
You're a spy!
You're a spy!
You're a spy and you want me to help you!
- A spy!
- You don't understand.
You see, you're putting me out of business.
If everybody knows that I'm a spy, then I'm no longer a spy.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What do you want from me?
Information?
We need your help.
It's vital.
- You want me to be a spy?
!
- Shh!
Shh!
No, I can't, uh-- I can't be a spy.
I-- spies, uh they slink when they walk, and I can't slink.
Well, spies don't slink anymore.
That's out.
Besides, that's a pretty good "slunk".
That's one of the best "slunks" I ever saw.
Oh, I'm not cut out for spying.
Yes, you are.
Besides, this assignment may have an effect on the whole security of our nation.
- You've got to help us.
- But why me?
Because your country needs you.
Oh, well, I don't like to get involved with violence.
I deplore it.
Well, look at children's books.
They're filled with violence.
But that's another kind.
That's friendly violence.
The people who kill each other like each other.
Oh.
Yes.
Well, look.
What if I promise to keep you away from anything that's brutal?
Chief's voice: Gruvnik of KAOS knows about Miss Sage.
He may be after her too.
Uh, Mimsi, autograph a book for me, and use my full name-- Maxwell.
And one for my nephew, Montgomery.
Well, if you really can, I mean, assure me that there'll be nothing unpleasant or physical-- - I promise you there'll be no violence.
- That was "Montgomery," wasn't it?
And make one out for my Aunt George a-and my uncle, uh-- my Uncle Robert and to anybody else-- This is so different.
I never thought I'd ever be a-- a you-know-what.
I mean, I never, uh-- I never even wanted to be one.
Ever.
Mr. Smart, I hate to keep harping on this, but my only concern is that there be no viol-- - What happened?
- Oh, nothing.
I just picked up a copy of "War and Peace" and got involved.
Unbeknownst to you, Agent 86, and to your Chief, I have had every phase of the transformation of Miss Sage into Amanda Krispen photographed by secret camera.
Are you telling me that you took pictures of us without our knowing it?
But that's dishonest!
Why, that's spying, Chief.
The film has just come over from the lab.
I haven't had a chance to see it yet.
Therefore, I think that Mr. Smart would be much the better narrator.
Shall we begin?
Does this movie have a happy ending, Max?
Don't worry, Chief.
I did everything you'd expect me to do.
I'm sorry to hear that.
-  - Run the film, please.
Max: That's Mimsi-- uh, Miss Sage.
Our first problem was glasses.
Mimsi wears them, Amanda doesn't.
Contact lenses were a possibility, but there was always the danger Krispen would detect them.
We decided to see if Mimsi, without glasses, could navigate across the room.
We put some obstacles in her path.
She passes the lamp.
She sees the ashtray on the stand.
She sees the chair.
Good.
Nearly perfect.
We're using contact lenses.
Max: As far as Amanda was concerned, doors were an accessory.
She preferred to leap into a car.
- After we got out of the hospital-- - Wheelwright: Stop the film!
I think it is hopeless to have anyone try to become her.
Senator, I think you're making a big mistake.
I don't think you should judge by a training film.
I think you should judge by results.
Gentlemen, may I present Miss Amanda Krispen.
How do you do, Senator?
- So good to see you again.
- Wheelwright: Amazing!
It's a remarkable piece of work, Max.
She certainly is.
Now we can go ahead and contact Krispen, exchange your student for the Krispen papers.
Chief, Krispen's bound to learn that Mimsi isn't Amanda, isn't he?
- I imagine so, Max.
- Well, what'll happen to her?
He'll kill her, Max.
So you are the Maxwell Smart.
Yes.
I am the Maxwell Smart.
Sit down, please.
- Thank you.
-  You're a surprise to me, Mr. Smart.
For a man to have earned your reputation, I would have thought you older.
I wasn't prepared for you to be as distinguished as you are, as handsome.
But perhaps I'm embarrassing you.
Oh, no.
No no no no.
No, not at all.
We're trained to deal with the truth.
Well, very good.
May I offer you something?
A cigarette?
Oh, thank you.
A light, Mr. Smart?
- Thank you.
- And now perhaps we should get down to the purpose of your visit.
Yes, I think that would be advisable.
As you know, Mr. Krispen, I came here to talk about Amanda.
Do you have Amanda?
Yes.
But how do I know that after I turn Amanda over to you, you won't kill me?
You don't.
But how do I know that after I give you the Krispen papers, you won't kill me?
You don't.
Our safety, it seems, Mr. Smart, is in those "don'ts".
Yes.
Well, Amanda is in the garden.
I'll go and get her.
This way is shorter.
- Yes, I know.
- You know?
Uh, yes, well, what I mean is that, uh, you can see the garden through the glass in the window.
Uh, that is, when the moonlight comes streaming through the curtains, you can see the-- uh, you could see the-- I'll go get her.
Well, Mimsi, this is it.
Big moment.
Oh, Max, I'm so nervous.
My stomach feels all funny inside.
Th-they say in the theater it's good to be nervous before you go on.
Is that all right in the spy business?
Max, I'm going to miss you.
I mean, now that the training is over, I'm going to miss you-- I'm going to miss working with you.
Oh, listen to me.
I sound like I've had a drink.
Whenever I have even a little sip, I just say whatever I'm thinking, whatever's on my mind.
Oh, Max, I'm so nervous!
Now, just take it easy, Mimsi.
Everything is gonna be fine.
- I know you're gonna be great.
- Honest?
Honest.
I sound like a character in one of my books.
- Shall we go?
- I won't let you down.
Max's voice: What happens when he finds out Mimsi isn't Amanda?
Chief's voice: He'll kill her, Max.
Max: Well, Krispen, here's your wife.
- Hello, Kinsey.
- Amanda, darling.
And now, Krispen, if you don't mind, I'll take your papers.
In a moment.
Certainly an occasion such as this deserves-- no, demands-- commemoration.
Your favorite, my dear.
Hold it!
No drinking!
Uh, what I mean is that, uh, I'm not allowed to drink-- you see, I'm on duty.
Good.
There'll be that much more left for us, right, Amanda?
- No-- yes.
- The only woman I've ever known who can consume champagne as though it were bottled water.
To us.
I don't need it, Kinsey.
I'm drunk with the pleasure of seeing you.
Ah, that's not a bit like you, Amanda.
You're not one to pass up Dom Perignon '59.
To the summers of our life.
Mimsi's voice: Just one little sip, and I can't stop drinking.
Krispen, the papers.
Ah, yes.
The papers.
Max: Very ingenious.
Mimsi, are you all right?
You're cute, you know that?
You're very cute.
- Stop that, Mimsi!
- It's your eyes.
They're very sexy when you can find them.
Mimsi, will you cut that out?
It's ironic, my dear, that these very papers you covet will be the instrument with which I shall once again have-- Krispen, I'm running out of time and patience.
Mimsi, will you stop it?
Leave me alone!
Now, just let's sit down.
It may be hard for you to believe, Mr. Smart, that the delicate creature before you is actually a woman obsessed with a desire for power.
She wanted these papers so that she could control KAOS.
Well, here's the key.
Ah, the key.
What key?
- The key to the statue Zeus.
- Oh, that key.
Yes, that's where I keep the papers.
Isn't it appropriate that Zeus should deliver you your precious papers?
- I'll have those papers, Kinsey.
- Mimsi!
Don't move, Smart.
- Mimsi!
- No, Mr. Smart, not Mimsi.
Not now or ever Mimsi.
- "Mimsi"?
- Yes, Mimsi.
Stay where you are or I'll kill you.
You see, you were the only way I could get those papers from my husband.
It would have been so much simpler if you'd just given them to me in the first place.
Very well thought out, Amanda, but one slight miscalculation, as there always is.
Behind you is my man, Gelson.
I see no purpose in keeping you alive any longer, Mr. Smart.
Just a moment.
You've made one slight miscalculation yourself.
If you'll glance over my shoulder, you'll see a statue of Aphrodite, which is not really a statue of Aphrodite but our own CONTROL Agent 99.
Well, very good, but Pluto behind your Aphrodite is my man, Bagel.
So you see, Mr. Smart, you are in the hands of our guards.
But only temporarily.
Because behind your Pluto are Karvelas and Szathmary, two of our best CONTROL agents.
I've run out of statues.
Yes, well, I haven't, and I still have Bacchus, who happens to be the Chief of CONTROL.
Karvelas, Szathmary, take them downtown.
And turn in those costumes before midnight, or we'll be charged double.
All right, Max, now, can we get inside?
I'm cold!
Say, you know, you've got nice legs, Chief.
- Max!
- Especially the right one.
{END OF EPISODE 26}