{START OF EPISODE 01}
What took you so long?
Do you know what time it is?
Yes, well, called us just before we left earth.
Well, this is probably the last time we'll be able to have these secret meetings on the moon anyway.
Now that the astronauts have landed successfully, there will probably be a lot more of them coming.
Well, we really shouldn't complain, Chief.
We've had it for four years.
Well, let's get down to business.
Now here's your assignment-- KAOS has kidnapped Professor Finneus Pheasant.
- Who's he, Chief?
- Probably the most important nuclear scientist in the world, 99.
Now according to our information, they're holding Pheasant prisoner in the basement of KAOS headquarters in New Jersey.
- Where?
- New Jersey.
I didn't get that, Chief.
- Oh, New Jersey.
- Go on, Chief.
KAOS is going to put Professor Pheasant through a series of brainwashings so they can find out everything that he knows.
Now your assignment is to get him out of there before he cracks and starts talking.
Do you have a layout of the house?
Yes, I've got one right here.
Now this is KAOS's summer headquarters.
You'd better start back immediately.
It's going to take you a good six days to get back to KAOS headquarters in New Jersey.
But, Chief, it only takes three days to get back to Earth.
I know that, 99, but once you find the car and get it out of the parking lot at the airport, and with the traffic into town, believe me, it'll be another three days.
He's right, 99.
Come on, let's go.
Chief, can we give you a lift?
No, thanks.
I'm not going that way.
Max, look!
Professor Pheasant.
Well, what's he doing in a telephone booth reading a book?
That's not a telephone booth, Max, That's a glass cell.
Of course.
They've got Pheasant under glass.
Come on, 99.
Professor, we've come to take you out of here.
-  -  I said, we've come to break you out of here.
- Max, be quiet.
-  He can't hear us, Max.
We've got to think of some other way to communicate with him.
Wait a minute, 99.
I'll call him on my shoe phone.
Max, look.
KAOS has taken away his shoes.
- They've thought of everything.
- Not quite, 99.
a sock phone!
- Hello.
- Hello, Professor.
This is Maxwell Smart, Agent 86 of CONTROL.
- Yes, Mr. Smart.
- Are you all right, Professor?
Not bad, considering the brainwashing they put me through every day.
But I didn't tell them anything about my new secret formula.
Good, Professor.
We'll have you out of here in no time.
I hope it's soon, Mr. Smart.
I think I'm going to faint.
Oh, you're weak from all that brainwashing.
No, from this phone call.
I've had these socks on for five days.
Well, look, Professor, we'll have you out of here in a jiffy.
Now here's what I want you to do: I want you to get down on the floor of the cell so you won't be hit by any flying glass.
Oh, you'll never be able to break this glass, Mr. Smart.
It's absolutely indestructible.
Not with what I've got in this satchel.
Well, 99, we're going to have to try the silent machine-gun.
- Okay, are you ready, 99?
- Ready, Max.
Max, it didn't even crack the glass.
to use the laser gun.
Right, Max.
Max, that didn't work either.
We're never going to get the professor out of the booth.
Wait a minute, 99.
There's one thing we haven't tried yet.
What's that?
I don't care what the CONTROL lab comes up with in new weapons, nothing can beat this.
This always works.
Max, you broke the basement window.
I told you it always works, 99.
Man: Check on the basement.
Come on, 99-- the window.
Max, the gates are locked.
Come on, 99-- the wall.
We've got to climb over that wall, 99.
I'll get up on top and then I'll help you up.
Come on.
Max, I don't think I'm going to do that.
What are you talking about, you're not going to do that?
There are KAOS agents all over the grounds.
They're liable to find us any minute.
Come on.
Max, I just don't think that's a very good thing for me to do.
stop arguing with me?
Come on.
Max, I didn't want to say anything about this before, but I went to see a doctor today.
are you?
Oh no, Max.
In fact, the doctor says I've never been in better physical condition.
Good.
Let's get over that wall.
I'm going to have a baby, Max.
A baby?
I think we've lost them, Max.
- You can slow down now.
- I'm gonna teach that kid how to play football and baseball and basketball and maybe golf.
Just don't teach him how to drive, Max.
Please slow down.
We've only got one minute to make that phone booth at 4th and Fulton.
You're so excited about becoming a father, Max.
Maybe you'd better let me drive.
Too late, 99.
There's the phone booth.
Are you all right, 99?
I'm fine, Max, but you've knocked over the phone booth.
Now how are we gonna get that important call?
-  - Max, the phone's still working!
Hello, Maxwell Smart here.
Max, here are your follow-up instructions.
You're to take Professor Pheasant and proceed immediately to Pier 14, where you'll board a Coast Guard cutter to Hawaii.
You're to remain in Hawaii for five days until you receive further instructions.
Have you got that, Max?
- Not all of it, Chief.
- What didn't you get?
- Professor Pheasant.
- You didn't get Professor Pheasant?
- Max, do you know what this means?
- I'm not going to Hawaii?
Hold on a minute, Chief.
- Yes, what is it?
- Are you gonna be long?
- No, I'll be through in a minute.
- Well, then I'll wait.
Well, Chief, now that I've given you the bad news, are you ready for some good news?
Well, I could certainly use some.
a baby.
What?
Max, you and 99?
- Why, that's marvelous.
- I'm gonna have my son follow right in my footsteps.
Just think, Chief, in a little while you'll have another Maxwell Smart on your hands.
- I couldn't help it, Chief.
- And to make matters worse, you get yourself involved in an accident.
You knocked over the telephone booth.
You attracted a crowd-- the police, the reporters, the fire department.
Don't forget the phone company, Chief.
I don't care about the phone company.
That's your problem.
The important thing is to get back to the problem at hand-- how to get Professor Pheasant out of that glass cell.
Forget about that.
I'm telling you that there is absolutely no way in this world that you can break that glass cell.
- No way.
- I'm not so sure, Max.
- Larrabee, come in here.
- Larrabee: Yes, sir.
Chief, I told you-- we tried machine guns, we tried hand gren-- Has that sample come back from the CONTROL lab yet?
- It's in there on my desk, Chief.
- Bring it in.
I'll need somebody to help me.
That desk is pretty heavy.
I'll help you, Larrabee.
I don't want anybody to bring in the desk.
Just bring in the sample.
Oh, then I don't need any help, Chief.
Chief, I tell you, we used the laser gun.
We even used a brick, Chief.
Max, will you be quiet and just listen to me for a moment?
We think that Professor Pheasant's glass cell has been constructed of some new kind of nuclearized glass.
Now our scientists have been working day and night in the CONTROL lab to try to duplicate it.
We think they've succeeded.
I won't need you anymore, Larrabee.
You can go now.
Now, Max, I want you to watch that cubicle very closely.
Keep your eye on the cubicle, Max.
- Any questions?
- Yeah, what's on the flip side?
Never mind what's on the flip side.
The point is that that voice shattered the unbreakable glass.
But how?
By hitting a note so high and so powerful that it broke down the components of the nuclear glass.
Why, that's fantastic, Chief.
Who is this guy?
It's not a guy, Max.
It's Rosa La Costa.
- CONTROL's singing agent?
- That's right.
Wait a minute, Chief.
If she's gonna go in and sing that note to break that glass, we've gotta get her into KAOS headquarters.
That's already been taken care of, Max.
Belasco, like all KAOS agents, is an opera lover.
He also happens to be a fan of Rosa La Costa.
Now we've arranged for Rosa La Costa to give a concert at KAOS's secret headquarters tomorrow night.
Oh, that's great, Chief.
As soon as she hits the note that breaks the glass, we move in.
You and me, huh, Chief?
No, me and Larrabee.
You're going to be Rosa La Costa's accompanist.
- I am?
- Yes.
She's going to sing "Chopsticks"?
No, she's not going to sing "Chopsticks".
If I'm gonna be her accompanist, she's gonna sing "Chopsticks," because that's the only thing I know how to play.
Max, you're not actually going to be playing the piano.
You'll only be pretending to play the piano.
You've got me confused.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Max, these cartridges contain Rosa La Costa's entire repertoire.
What am I supposed to do with them?
You'll be using CONTROL's new computer piano for the recital.
Now all you do is slip these cartridges into the chamber, then pretend to be striking the notes on the piano as they're being played.
Well, that'll take a little practice.
That'll take a lot of practice, Max.
Mr. Smart, we have been practicing and you have been dropping things and picking them up and dropping them again.
During all that time, I don't think you have spent 10 minutes at the keyboard.
Well, I've been busy.
Let's continue.
After this aria, there will be 30 to 50 seconds of thunderous applause, after which I will say to the audience, "Ladies and gentlemen, may I have a small but well-deserved round of applause for my accompanist"?
That's when you stand up and take your bow.
Oh, I'm good at that.
Hi there.
Oh, hello, Chief.
Chief: Max, you've really done it this time.
I wanna see you down here at the office immediately!
Why, Chief?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
I'll tell you what's wrong.
Look at the morning paper.
Oh, it's a picture of me next to that phone booth I knocked down yesterday.
Now read the caption.
"Secret agent not so secret".
Max, you didn't tell me that a photographer took your picture.
Yes, well, you see, Chief, I was so excited that I guess I didn't realize he was taking my picture.
You were so excited that when he asked you who you were, you told him you were a secret CONTROL agent.
Well, you know, Chief, I'm gonna become a father, and I guess I got a little confused and upset.
You can understand that.
I can understand it, Max, but I can't accept it.
You've blown your cover as a secret agent.
I don't know what you're gonna do, Max.
- Larrabee.
- Larrabee: Yes, Chief.
Come in here and bring the files on all CONTROL agents who are also musicians.
Well, at least let me complete the Pheasant case.
- Here you are, Chief.
- Thank you, Larrabee.
That was a terrific picture of you in this morning's newspaper, Max.
Oh, thank you, Larrabee.
This file is empty.
What about Holloway, Marco, Curtis?
- They're all musicians.
Where are they?
- They're in Vegas.
Then they open in Chicago for two weeks, and then they play Detroit, Pittsburgh.
- Are they on an assignment?
- You can call it an assignment.
- They call it a gig.
- Thanks anyway, Larrabee.
Max, you put me in a terrible position, getting your picture in the paper.
There's nobody to take your place.
Wait a minute, Chief.
If my face is so well-known, supposing I had it changed.
Max, the recital is tomorrow night.
You know how long plastic surgery takes.
- Not if I go to Proctor.
- Who's Proctor?
- Hector Proctor.
- Who's Hector Proctor?
A doctor.
Dr. Hector Proctor.
Amazing.
- Absolutely amazing.
- What is?
The fact you waited this long to change it.
This may be a work of art, Mr. Smart.
It may very well be my "Mona Lisa".
If you don't mind, Doctor, I prefer someone a little more masculine.
Close your eyes, Mr. Smart.
Now let's take a look at your new face.
It's an amazing technique, Max, but the face is all wrong.
But, Chief, Dr. Proctor himself said this a perfect face for a secret agent.
Well, that's just the point.
His face is even more well-known that yours.
- Whose?
- Martin Landau.
Never heard of him.
I usually wait 48 hours for the old face to return before spraying on a new one.
I've never sprayed a new face on a new face before, so there's no telling what we may get.
-  - Yes, Larrabee.
Larrabee: There's someone out here who claims to be Maxwell Smart.
Well, is it or isn't it?
It sounds like him, but it sure doesn't look like him.
Good.
Send him in.
Well?
Max, everybody knows that Rosa La Costa's accompanist is a man.
You look just like a woman-- the dress, the hair.
How about the face?
All right, let's see what you look like now.
Splendid.
Here, see for yourself.
Hey, that's terrific, Doctor.
I don't look like anybody I've ever seen before, including myself.
The eyes are a little different - and the nose is diff-- - Be careful, Mr. Smart.
Those features won't be fully dry for another 15 minutes.
Oh, and then they'll stay that way for 48 hours?
Yes, provided you avoid exposure to extreme heat.
Well, what'll happen if I do that?
Nothing dangerous.
Your face will fall off.
I can just see myself at that recital tomorrow night.
You may begin the concert, Mr. Belasco, as soon as my accompanist is here.
He's here.
Any luck with the professor?
One more brainwashing session and he'll be ready to reveal the formula.
Excellent.
We'll do it tonight after everyone has left.
Hors d'oeuvres?
Oh, hi, 99.
How do you feel?
I'm absolutely exhausted, Max.
Do you know this is the fourth tray of hors d'oeuvres - I brought out of the kitchen?
- The guests are eating that much?
No, I am.
I'm absolutely famished all the time.
Have you checked everything out?
Right, Max.
The professor's still in his cell in the basement, and the computer piano was delivered a couple of hours ago.
All right, now here's what I want you to do.
Over your left shoulder-- don't look-- there's a door leading to the cellar.
Now when Madame La Costa hits that high note, I want you to make for that door, get down those stairs.
- I'll be right behind you.
- Right, Max.
Wait a minute, please.
- Thank you.
That'll be enough.
- Oh, no, wait.
I think you'd better get over by the door, 99.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I may have your undivided attention, we will start the recital.
As you all know, we are to be honored this evening--  As I was saying, tonight we will be honored by the presence of the music world's greatest and most celebrated talent-- Have you quite finished?
And now without further ado, I am privileged to introduce our distinguished guest-- Madame Rosa La Costa!
Proctor: Careful, Mr. Smart.
Avoid exposure to extreme heat.
- Max: And what if I don't?
- Your face will fall off.
The piano player.
There's something wrong with his face.
That's the worst nose job I've ever seen.
There's something strange going on around here.
- That's Maxwell Smart!
- Hurry!
Come along!
- 99, look.
- The glass didn't break!
-  - Man: It's locked.
Max, what are we gonna do?
I promised CONTROL I would break that glass, and I'm going to break it one way or another.
Step aside.
- Good work, Madame La Costa!
-  Come on, 99, we've gotta get the professor out of here.
- How, Max?
- Through the window.
That won't be necessary.
We've taken Kadinsky and Belasco into custody.
Oh, good work, Chief.
Max, how much did you pay for my ring?
I don't know, 99.
What difference does it make?
Why do you ask me a question like that at a time like this?
Because of something that happened when Madame La Costa hit the high note, and all the glass was breaking.
What has that got to do with your diamond ring?
Diamond, Max?
{END OF EPISODE 01}{START OF EPISODE 02}
We're right on time.
Marco must be waiting for us somewhere in this basement.
Signal him with your flashlight, Max.
Right, Chief.
Gee, Chief, did you see how quick he answered my signal?
I know.
Signal him again, Max.
- Boy, is he fast.
- He's too fast.
Max, turn your flashlight on and leave it on.
But that's not the signal, Chief.
I know that.
Just turn it on.
Just as I thought, Max, that's our reflection.
You're signaling a mirror.
And it answered me?
Turn it off, Max.
There's Marco now.
Now remember, he has vital information concerning KAOS.
We must find out what it is.
I'll be upstairs watching the entrance.
- Right, Chief.
- Oh, Max, shine your flashlight on the stairs so I can find my way up.
Right, Chief.
Chief, are you all right?
Chief, don't ever do that.
Would you mind keeping your flashlight on the stairs until I get up?
- Sorry about that, Chief.
-  Marco, where are you?
I'm over here.
Turn on your light.
- Are you Maxwell Smart?
- What?
I said, "Are you Maxwell Smart"?
- Yes, are you Marco?
- What?
I said, "Are you Marco"?
- Yes.
- What?
I said, "Yes".
- Good.
- What?
I said-- this is ridiculous.
We can't hold a secret conversation yelling at the top of our voices.
Look, why don't you get on top of that barrel?
Good idea.
Turn on the light.
I have top secret information concerning KAOS.
What?
I have top secret information conc-- Never mind, I'll sit down.
KAOS has just been acquired by IH Industries.
Of course, IH Industries.
Who is IH Industries?
They're a very big conglomerate.
They already own steel companies, airlines, oil companies and a chain of pizza parlors.
Hmm, with all that capital behind them, there'll be no stopping KAOS.
The man behind IH Industries is a fiend, a madman.
And now that he owns KAOS, he's out to control the world.
Well, who is this madman?
Ironhand.
I made it.
I made it!
What are you talking about?
Well, don't you see?
In the movies, whenever the informer says, "His name is--" a shot rings out and he's killed.
I fooled them.
I didn't give them a chance.
I said his name first and I'm alive.
Oh, well, that's very clever.
Oh, thank you.
Except for one thing-- I didn't get the name.
Oh, you didn't?
Well, his name is-- -  - His name is  Well, Chief, I got here as quick as I could.
What's up?
What do you mean, what's up?
Take a look at this office!
How come I wasn't invited to the party?
Max, KAOS was here.
You invited KAOS to the party and you didn't invite me?
KAOS broke in here and ransacked my office.
But I don't understand, Chief.
KAOS has never been able to penetrate CONTROL headquarters before.
That'll give you some idea of what we're up against now.
This man who took over KAOS is cunning, diabolical, ingenious-- But there's one thing he's not.
- What's that?
- Neat.
Take a look at my telephone.
Look at that.
Somebody with incredible strength did that!
And look at that wall safe-- ripped out of three feet of steel and concrete.
What do you suppose KAOS was after, Chief?
I know perfectly well what they were after.
What they've been after for several months now-- the plans for the AAAMM.
- You're stammering, Chief.
- I don't stammer!
You always stammer when you get upset.
I'm not upset!
When I said the AAAMM, I meant the Anti-Anti- Anti-Missile Missile.
See what I mean?
Thank heavens the plans weren't in the safe.
The way things are looking now, I don't think they'll be safe anywhere in Washington.
Max, I'm gonna assign you and 99 to get those plans safely out of Washington.
Well, I don't think that's such a good idea, Chief.
I'd rather you didn't put 99 on the case.
After all she is pregnant, you know.
That's precisely why I want her on this case.
Her condition is a perfect cover for this operation.
Now, Max, you and 99 are to contact Agent 44 at this address.
The Bye-Bye Baby Buggy Bargain Bazaar.
Is that Barbie's Bye-Bye Baby Buggy Bargain Bazaar?
No, no, no.
Barbie's Bye-Bye Baby Buggy Bargain Bazaar is on Balboa Boulevard.
You're to go to Bunny Beebe's Bye-Bye Baby Buggy Bargain Bazaar on Barnaby Boulevard.
Oh, we're just browsing, thank you.
Come on, 99, we've gotta find Agent 44.
Right.
Max, look at this adorable carriage.
We can't stop to look at carriages now.
- Let's buy it, Max.
- We can't buy a carriage now.
You don't buy a carriage before the baby is born.
You buy a carriage after the baby is born.
But, Max, it's marked down.
going to buy this carriage.
Besides it's taken.
- Hello, 86.
- Is that you, 44?
No, it's Spiro Agnew.
Of course it's me.
- Who else would get a job like this?
- Spiro Agnew?
- How are you feeling, 99?
- Oh, I'm fine, 44.
Do you have our instructions, 44?
Right here under the blanket.
This doll will give you your instructions.
All you have to do is pull the string.
Thank you, 44.
We'll see you later.
Gee, I wish there was something we could do for you.
Oh, don't pay any attention to my complaining, 86.
Every so often these assignments get to me and I get fed up.
Then I talk to myself and I realize I'm a CONTROL agent.
And I'm here because this is the way I've chosen to serve my country and my fellow man.
-  - Chief: Good afternoon, 86 and 99.
A baby carriage specially constructed by the CONTROL weapons lab has been delivered to this store.
Using that baby carriage as a cover, you will pick up the AAAMM plans in three parts.
In three parts?
In three parts.
Each part is useless without the other two.
You're to take the carriage.
It's the blue one with the sold tag on it.
Then proceed immediately to 99's obstetrician.
You will make contact with someone in the office who will give you further instructions.
Good luck.
In five seconds this doll will wet.
- What?
- Not "what," Max, "wet".
Max, look at this.
But it just looks like an ordinary carriage to me, Max.
What weapons do you suppose they've built into it?
I don't know, 99.
Max, stop it!
Max, turn it off!
No wonder this carriage was marked down.
Which one do you think is our contact, Max?
The one in the black raincoat.
How do you know?
Well, 99, when you've been a secret agent as long as I have you begin to sense these things.
I'll go over and sit next to her and give her the password.
Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been?
Well, I never!
That's not the password.
I've been to London to visit the Queen.
Oh, do you know her?
That's the password.
Pick up part two of the plans at Stillmore's Drugstore.
Here's part one.
How are we gonna recognize our contact here, Max?
The same way that we recognized our contact at the last place-- by using the password.
Well, please try to be a little bit more discreet this time, Max.
Shh!
That may be our contact now.
Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been?
I've been to London to visit the Queen.
You pick up the third part of the plans on the corner of Grant and Sherman.
Right.
Before you go, I just want to tell you, that's a great disguise you're wearing, fella.
What disguise?
I'm a real lady.
Max, we've been waiting here for two hours.
No one's tried to contact us yet.
But we have to stay here, 99.
I just can't go around knocking on everybody's door and saying, "Pussycat, pussycat, where have you been"?
Hey, watch where you're throwing the papers, kid!
Max, look!
That kid must have been the contact!
This newspaper must be the third part of the plans.
You're right, 99.
Look, right here in the index.
"Part one, news.
Part two, sports.
Part three, secret plans".
Now all we have to do is call the Chief and find out where to deliver the plans.
The Chief is really gonna be proud of us, 99.
Do you realize that we've carried off this whole operation without being spotted once?
Well, Crawford?
It's obvious that the triple-A-double-M plans are in that baby carriage.
- Right?
- Right.
And once they're in my possession, those plans will bring me enough capital to buy out other corporations and industries.
Eventually I'll rule the stock market.
And when I rule the stock market, I'll rule the world.
And I'll rule the world like I rule everything else-- with an iron hand!
Yes?
Thank you.
I'll inform him of that immediately.
Ironhand, Congress absolutely refuses to grant your airlines any routes over the Pacific.
They what?
Very well.
All right, if that's the way they wish to play.
Call my construction company.
Tell them to go ahead with the plans to build a freeway to Japan.
Yes, sir.
- And bring me a fresh globe.
- Yes, sir.
- Now where was I?
- We were talking about getting the AAAMM plans from CONTROL.
Oh yes, and now we'll relieve Maxwell Smart of those plans.
By 3:00 this afternoon I want them here on this desk.
You see what you did?
If you'd brought me the fresh globe when I asked for it, this wouldn't have happened.
Send in my best man!
And a carpenter.
Got a little business for you to tend to, Earl.
These are your instructions.
Good luck.
Send in my second-best man!
Max, this carriage will never fit in your car.
No, but it'll fit in the trunk, 99.
- I'll fold up the carriage, 99.
- Right, Max.
Max, there are two KAOS agents watching us.
Hurry!
I will, 99, if I can just find out how to fold up this carriage.
Well, usually there's a lever that releases a spring.
You're right, 99.
Max, they're getting out of their car.
Hurry!
This must be it.
You know something, 99, I don't think this carriage folds up.
It doesn't matter anymore, Max.
We don't have a car to put it in.
All right, Mr. Smart, we'll take that carriage.
You wouldn't like it.
It doesn't fold up.
It's not the carriage we're interested in.
It's what's inside.
You mean this?
Not the bottle, the plans.
Oh well, then we can throw this away.
I don't understand it, Larrabee.
Max should have picked up the third part of those plans and reported in by now.
You're right, Chief.
Larrabee, are you hiding something from me?
Why do you say that, Chief?
Because ever since you got back from lunch, you've been standing there with your hands behind your back.
Let me see your hands.
What's that on your hand, Larrabee?
I bought it at lunch and it got stuck on my fingers.
Why don't you get some oil and get it off?
There's no point in doing that, Chief.
Tonight's my bowling night.
- I'm afraid something's happened.
-  CONTROL headquarters, Larrabee speaking.
Oh, just a moment.
It's Max.
You want to talk to him?
Max, where have you been?
Well, Chief, we picked up all three parts of the plans.
Then we were attacked by two KAOS agents, but we got away.
Somehow they found out the plans were in the baby carriage.
- We were afraid that would happen.
- You were?
Yes, but we were prepared for it.
Now listen carefully, Max.
Proceed to the airport directly as planned.
But what if we're followed, Chief?
Don't worry about that.
As soon as you get to the terminal we're going to put Operation Baby Buggy Switch into effect.
"Operation Baby Buggy Switch"?
But, Chief, that'll require - I've got 16.
- 16?
Oh, it'll never work with 16, Chief.
Of course it will, Max.
It'll work better with 16 than it will with 15.
Well, I'm not so sure about that, but we'll see.
In the meantime, 99 and I will leave immediately for the airport.
Good.
Larrabee, get the president on the hotline immediately.
Right, Chief.
Hello.
Hello?
- I can't get the operator.
- Well, jiggle the receiver.
Larrabee, you smashed the hotline!
How am I gonna get the president?
I'll get him for you, Chief.
Mr. President!
Larrabee, you can't call the president that way.
What do you want?
You what?
They what?
Escaped.
Idiots!
Get me my secretary!
You destroyed the intercom.
Right.
I'll have to call you back, Helen.
I think my boss wants me.
Cancel all my appointments today.
I'm going to the airport.
What's holding up Max?
He should have been here five minutes ago.
I don't know.
Here he comes now, Chief.
Good, I'll give the signal to start the buggy switch.
Man on  Attention-- flight 86 now arriving gate 3.
Well, 99, we made it.
Operation Baby Buggy Switch is about to begin.
I'd better get to my station right away, Max.
Goodbye, love.
Attention!
Attention!
All passengers departing on flight 86, please report to gate 3.
Oh, tough luck, fella.
Allow me to introduce myself, Mr. Smart.
My name is Ironhand.
I'm the president of IH Industries, the company that has just acquired KAOS.
We also own Monarch Steel, Royal Oil, Orbit Airlines, United Broadcasting Corporation, Computer Electronics and the San Diego Zoo.
Oh, well in that case And now, Mr. Smart, hand me the triple-A-double-M plans.
The what?
- The, um, AAAMM-- - You're stammering.
I know, I always do that whenever I get nervous.
Now, Mr. Smart, give me the plans.
I know they're in that carriage.
Well, I'm afraid you're mistaken, Mr. Ironhand.
Hand them over or I'll crush you.
Excuse me for laughing into your hand, Mr. Ironface, but the plans that you're talking about happen to be on a plane oon their way to a top-secret destination.
- Where?
- Okinawa.
- I don't believe you.
- You don't?
Good.
I know they're in that carriage.
I'm telling you that you're mistaken.
There's nothing in this carriage.
You can see for yourself-- look.
There's nothing in here but some plans and-- now how in the world did I end up with the same carriage I started off with?
I told them I'll take them, Mr. Smart.
Let's not be foolish, Mr. Smart.
I want those plans.
You'll have to kill me first.
- I was going to do that second.
- Oh.
But if you insist Oh, boy!
Now, Mr. Smart, I'm going to crush you slowly against the wall.
Go ahead, Ironhand, but it won't do you any good.
Because you're finished, washed up, wiped out, - bankrupt.
- What are you talking about?
All you have to do is go over to the newsstand and look at the paper.
Read the headlines.
"The stock market dropped 21 points today".
Oh, no!
Max!
- Max, are you all right?
- I'm fine, 99.
You okay?
- Oh, I'm all right, love.
- Chief: Max!
What happened?
Who's he?
That, Chief, is Ironhand, the mastermind behind IH Industries and the new head of KAOS.
Here are the plans, Chief.
Well, I guess that just about wraps up this case.
I think you and I can go home now, 99.
I'll call an ambulance.
Oh, that won't be necessary, Chief.
We'll take a cab.
{END OF EPISODE 02}{START OF EPISODE 03}
Man over P.A.: All passengers now disembarking from flight 101, please report immediately to customs.
- Psst, Max.
- Oh, hi, Chief.
- I'll be with you in a minute.
- Max, how's it going?
Great.
How do you like 'em?
Max, I'm talking about the mission.
Forget about the diapers.
Well, I can't forget about the diapers, Chief.
After all, I'm gonna become a father.
I have to practice.
Max, KAOS is trying to smuggle a deadly explosive into the country, and you're supposed to be on the lookout for it.
- I know that, Chief.
- Then start checking through my luggage like I'm a passenger.
I'll fill you in on all the information we have up to now.
Right, Chief.
The formula is divided into three parts-- Chief, do you have the keys to this thing?
Oh, yes.
The first part has already been smuggled into this country.
Max, why did you do that?
Well, you asked me to treat you like a customer, and here at customs, that's the way we treat 'em.
According to our information, part two of the formula is going to be sent through today, but we don't know whether it's coming through by boat or by plane.
Where'd you get these shorts, Chief?
Never mind the shorts.
Now I've got men stationed at the pier.
- Your job-- - What size are these shorts?
- 36.
Your job is-- - These are no 36, Chief.
- All right, Max.
38.
- They're more like a 40, Chief.
All right, 40 if it makes you happy.
Now give me those shorts.
Max, I can't stress upon you the importance of this mission.
You must not let that second part of the formula get through!
I'll check with you later.
Uh, hold it, Chief.
I'd better mark that so they'll let you through.
Okay, next!
Okay, may I ask what you're bringing into the country?
Okay, you can go ahead.
I can see what you're bringing into the country.
Okay, who's next?
- I am.
- Well, you're a little young to be traveling alone, aren't you?
No, that's my doll.
I'm down here, mister.
Oh.
Well, you're the youngest ventriloquist I've ever seen.
- I'm not a ventriloquist.
- Well, you should be.
You're the greatest I've ever heard.
Where's your mommy and daddy?
They're waiting to meet me.
I was away visiting my grandma.
Oh.
Well, you can go ahead right through.
We don't want to keep your mommy and daddy waiting.
Thank you, mister.
Good.
Valerie's waiting.
You brought the second part of the formula?
Yeah, it's in the doll, just like the other one.
Yes.
I see.
Thank you very much.
Well, it's definite, Max.
The little girl you let through customs was not a little girl.
Well, she certainly wasn't a big girl, Chief.
- She was only that high.
- Max, it wasn't a little girl at all.
- It was a little man!
- Chief, that is ridiculous!
I was there, you weren't.
I'm telling you that it was a little girl with blonde, curly hair.
And she was a great ventriloquist.
Max, it was Little Louie Dunlap, a KAOS courier!
- Well, he could've fooled me.
- He did fool you!
Does that mean that KAOS has the second part of the formula now, Chief?
I'm afraid so, 99.
They managed to get both parts in the country in less than-- let me have that.
In less than two weeks!
If they succeed in getting the third part in, we're in big trouble.
What do you think they plan to do with the formula once it's complete?
They plan to change the structure of the United States.
- What?
- Let me show you.
Now this map was stolen by one of our CONTROL agents from KAOS headquarters.
Take a look at it.
Max, will you stop playing around with that diaper and look at this map?
- Sorry about that, Chief.
- Now, Max, - something is missing from this map.
- California!
This is the way the United States will look if KAOS succeeds in getting the third part of that formula into the country.
- I don't understand, Chief.
- With that formula completed, KAOS will be able to make the most powerful explosive known to man.
Well, I still don't understand, Chief.
Are you saying that KAOS wants to blow California off the map?
- Exactly.
- But why California?
Because some of our biggest missile bases are located in California.
And some of our best television shows come from there too, 99.
California is expecting an earthquake.
Now this is a perfect alibi for KAOS.
They blow California into the ocean, and everybody will blame it on the earthquake.
- But Chief, if that were to happen-- - That's right.
- It would be a disaster!
- And some disaster.
Just think, Ronald Reagan will have to go back to making movies again.
That's not the disaster I was talking about, Max.
Oh no?
Think about it.
I'm sorry, that's my new secret phone.
I'm the only one who is supposed to know where that phone is hidden in this office.
That's okay, Chief.
We'll wait in the outer office.
Come on, 99.
- Good afternoon, sir.
- Hi, Chief.
This is Larrabee.
Larrabee, how'd you get the number of my secret phone?
!
- I looked it up in the phone book.
- It's in the phone book?
!
It's listed in the classified pages under "Secrets".
I just found the cab driver who picked up Little Louie Dunlap at the pier.
Great work, Larrabee.
Get him in here immediately.
Well, first we'll have to capture him.
Not Dunlap, the cab driver!
Oh, I can't.
He refuses to come now.
He's on duty.
Then we'll go down there.
Where is he?
He's parked at a cab stand at 4th and Fulton.
That won't be necessary.
We're not going anyplace.
- We're just gonna talk.
- I know that, but anytime anybody gets into the cab, I'm supposed to throw the meter on.
How do you determine how much to charge people who just talk?
Well, it's 35¢ for the first three sentences, and 10¢ a word thereafter.
You picked up a little blonde girl carrying a doll at the airport yesterday, didn't you?
Yeah.
She was with a tall man-- Hey!
Look where you're going!
--with a beard.
I remember them well.
- Where'd you drop them off?
- Uh, let's see.
at a place called-- Come on!
Come on!
I haven't got all day!
--"Miss Valerie's School for Expectant Fathers".
All right!
The same to you!
Listen, I hope I'm not out of line, but seeing as we're standing still, why do you keep yelling at the other cars?
- Force of habit.
- You've been very helpful.
Thank you.
Max, pay the man.
That'll be $3.40.
- $3.40?
!
- Yeah.
Chief, we should've walked and talked.
Listen, fella.
I know you may not realize this, but the information that you just gave us could be of vital importance to this country.
- You're kidding.
- No, I'm not kidding.
Now I'm not supposed to tell you this, but we happen to be secret agents.
And what you have just told us could mean that millions of your fellow Americans can continue to live in a country that is the home of the brave and the land of the free.
You mean what I just told you guys - is gonna help my country?
- That's right.
Gee, that makes a guy feel kinda good all over.
- Well, it should.
- Okay, make it $3 even.
Woman: All right, gentlemen.
So much for the care of the infant in cases of colic.
Now, for the benefit of our two new students, Mr. Clark and Mr. Smart, shall we go over the procedure-- the correct procedure-- for bathing the baby?
Now as you remember, the first thing that we must do is test the temperature by dipping our elbow into the water.
If you would do that, please.
Max, you're supposed to roll up your sleeve.
Oh.
It's okay, Chief.
It's drip-dry.
Now holding the baby thusly-- can you all see?
We place the baby gently in the bassinet - and proceed to bathe it.
- Well, what do you think?
I don't know, Max.
All the rest of the students look okay to me, but I don't know about Miss Valerie.
Are you kidding?
She looks a lot better to me than the students.
Max, if what the cab driver told us was true, The second part of that formula must be here somewhere.
- Yeah, but where?
- Shh.
Here she comes.
- Mr. Smart, how are you doing?
- Oh, fine.
Fine, thank you.
Uh, do you know the difference between the head and the feet?
Hmm?
Oh, sure.
These are the feet and the head is down there somewhere.
I think you'll find that if you keep the head above water, - your baby will be much happier.
- Thank you.
Now, gentlemen, if you'll please dress your babies.
-  - Uh, would you excuse me a moment?
- Hello?
- Valerie?
Mondo.
Carney is here with the third part of the formula.
I can't tell you how happy this makes me.
Are you at the airport?
No, we're in a phone booth down the street from your place.
Give me just a moment to clear the classroom.
It could be in that supply room, Max.
It's the only door in the room that's locked.
Of course, Chief.
It's gotta be the supply room.
We'll have to come up with some clever way - of taking a look in that room.
- Let me handle that, Chief.
- Uh, Miss Valerie?
- Yes?
Could I take a look in the supply room?
Of course not.
I keep my personal things in there.
That's why it's locked.
I'll have to think of another clever way, Chief.
- Don't bother.
- Valerie: I'm terribly sorry, students, but an emergency has arisen.
I'm afraid I'll have to cut the class short.
But I want all of you to take your dolls home with you and practice bathing them.
And don't forget to bring them back next week.
Good night.
Good night.
See you next week.
- Good night.
- Good night.
Good night.
- Good night.
- Good night, Mr. Clark.
Shut the door, Mondo.
Now at long last we can put the entire formula together.
All right, Mondo.
Pull the string on the first doll.
Doll: My name is Mary Lou.
Man's voice: Two parts hydrogen dexochloride.
All right.
Now the second doll.
Doll: My name is Mary Lou.
Man's voice: One part laudanum solution.
And now for the third and final part.
Doll: My name is Mary Lou.
I hate fresh boys.
I have a little doggy.
What is this?
Doll: My name is Mary Lou.
- Doublecross us?
- Wait, wait.
When Carney collided with that new student, Smart, they dropped the dolls.
Smart must've given him back the wrong doll by mistake.
Yes, we've got to get that doll back before he discovers the secret.
- Do you know where he lives?
- Yes, I have his address in my files.
Mondo, you must go there immediately and get the doll back.
Don't worry.
I'll get that doll back one way or the other.
- Who is it?
- Max: It's me, honey.
- What's the password?
- I lost my wallet.
- That's not the password.
- I know, but I had the password written on a piece of paper in my wallet.
That's Max.
- Hello, Max.
I'm so glad you're home.
- Hi, 99.
What are you doing with that doll?
Oh, this is one of the dolls from Miss Valerie's School.
She let me take it home tonight to play with it-- - uh, practice with it.
- It's adorable.
Look, it's the talking kind.
Doll: My name is Mary Lou.
Did you find anything today?
Yes, well, I did find out one thing, 99-- I found out that it's better if you roll your sleeve up before you dip your elbow in the water.
No, I mean about the formula.
Well, the baby's formula, that doesn't come up for three weeks.
No, Max.
The formula for the explosive.
The Chief and I didn't get a chance to get around to that, 99.
- but we're going back later tonight.
- Aww.
You must be exhausted.
Let me draw you a bath.
- Okay.
-  Be quiet.
- Do you think it might be KAOS?
- Either that or your mother.
- Max!
- You go ahead and draw my bath, - I'll take care of the door.
- Right.
Yes?
I'm sorry to interrupt you at this hour, but my car broke down.
May I use your phone?
Oh, certainly.
It's right over there on the desk-- - uh, the desk.
- Thank you.
Uh, if you need anything, I'll be upstairs-- - uh, upstairs.
- Thank you.
Your bath will be ready in a minute, love.
- Who was at the door?
- Some guy's car broke down - and he asked to use the phone.
- Oh.
Max, why would he come all the way up here?
Why wouldn't he just try one of the apartments on the first floor?
I don't know.
Maybe there was nobody home.
On the whole first floor?
What about the pay phone in the lobby?
- He could've used that.
- Well, maybe he didn't have any change.
I don't like it.
I don't think he ought to be down there by himself.
always so suspicious?
Some poor guy comes along, his car breaks down, he sees the light shining in our window, so he comes upstairs and asks us if he can please use our phone, and right away you think something wrong is happening.
I don't know, Max.
I just don't feel right about it.
Okay, 99.
If it'll make you feel any better, I'll go down and wait until he finishes the phone call.
Hey!
What's going on here?
All right, where is it?
I told you, It's right there on top of the desk.
Max, why are you-- what happened?
Nothing, 99.
He just couldn't find the telephone.
I told him it was right here on top of the desk.
I want the doll.
Hey, wait a minute, fella.
That happens to be my wife.
I don't want her.
I want the doll you brought home from Miss Valerie's school.
Oh, that doll.
Yes.
And I want it now.
- He wants it now.
- Well, we'd better give it to him, Max.
It's only a doll, after all.
It's in the bedroom.
I'll get it.
She'd better get it, because if she doesn't get it, you get it.
Got it?
- Got it.
- All right, move over there.
Fast, fast, fast.
Come, come, come, come.
Hurry.
All right.
Now throw me the doll.
- Don't do anything foolish.
- Now you tell me?
I'm leaving now.
Don't try to follow me.
Okay, 99, that is it.
- We're getting out.
- What do you mean, Max?
When it comes to the point that a man can come to your apartment in the middle of the night, take out a gun and take away your doll, that's when it's time to get out of the neighborhood.
Max, when Little Louie Dunlap smuggled the second part of the formula past you at customs, wasn't he carrying a doll?
You're right, 99.
And that doll looked exactly like that doll.
But that must be how they're smuggling in the formula-- - in dolls!
- Of course.
And Miss Valerie's place is the drop-off.
I'm going back down there.
You tell the Chief to meet me there as quickly as he can.
Mondo: There is no possible way anyone can connect us together.
Valerie: That's good.
We must get to the airport in 45 minutes and catch that flight, whatever happens.
I wouldn't worry.
Of course we can be there.
This was a brilliant plan, smuggling the secrets in dolls.
How nice of you to drop in, Mr. Smart.
You said you wanted to see what was in this room.
Well, not really.
I could-- Of course.
The old secret-supply-room- in-the-supply-room trick.
- Carney, tie him up.
- There's no time for that.
Our plane leaves for Los Angeles in 20 minutes.
Get the dolls with the formula.
Now, Mr. Smart, I'm going to give you a sporting chance.
There are six dolls in this room.
As you already know each one has a string hanging from its back.
The string on one of those dolls is going to open the door to this room.
I see.
Then it's just a question of how much time it takes me to find the doll with the right string to get out of this room.
Correct.
However, one of the dolls in this room contains a bomb.
So if you pull that doll's string, this room will be blown to bits.
Hmm, sort of a Russian roulette with dolls.
Yes.
Just a moment.
Supposing that I don't pull the string on any of the dolls?
Supposing I just wait here until somebody comes and finds me?
Unfortunately, my dear Mr. Smart, there's only enough air left in this room to last 30 minutes.
Oh yeah?
Well, supposing I hold my breath?
Doll: My name is Mary Lou.
You don't know how happy I am to hear that.
- Max?
- There's nobody here.
- Wait a minute, the supply room.
- What's in there, Chief?
I don't know, 99, but I'm going to find out.
Max, are you in there?
My name is Mary Lou.
Stand back, 99.
There's nothing in here except those baby things on the shelf.
Why would they keep things like this under lock and key?
Maybe there's something behind them.
Max!
Thank heavens you're all right!
Of course I'm all right.
Chief, you got here just in time.
- Where are they headed?
- They're on their way to the airport.
They're leaving for Los Angeles in five minutes.
Larrabee's stationed there.
I'll call and have him stop them!
I can tell you exactly what they look like.
Man over P.A.: Flight 407 for Los Angeles now boarding.
Hold it.
I'm a government agent.
- I want to see some identification.
- What seems to be the trouble?
Just checking their identification.
You three better get going.
Your flight leaves in less than five minutes.
Thank you very much.
But didn't it strike you funny that the pilot, the copilot and a stewardess were all carrying dolls?
!
Now that you mention it, that is strange.
to beat that plane to Los Angeles.
Larrabee, how can you be so stupid?
Come on, Max!
Man over  Flight 407 now arriving from Washington.
Well, gentlemen, I suggest that we split up and rendezvous at Location Z. That won't be necessary.
We'll take those dolls now.
Run for it.
I'll take that, Miss Valerie.
Just tell me one thing, Mr. Smart-- how did you manage to beat us to Los Angeles?
Well, it was really quite simple.
While you were stacked up circling over Los Angeles, we were barreling along at 70 miles an hour by train.
{END OF EPISODE 03}{START OF EPISODE 04}
Good shot, Max.
- Ann Cameron just got in.
- Where?
She's sitting there in the front row.
Don't look now.
I told you not to look now.
Nice shot, Lou.
It's our serve.
Which one is she, Chief?
You see the man in the front row with a beard?
- That's Ann Cameron?
!
- No!
Ann Cameron is sitting next to him.
She's the woman in the hat.
Wow!
She's beautiful, Chief.
Yes, beautiful and deadly.
She's already murdered She marries them, insures them heavily, then murders them and collects the money.
- She must be very wealthy.
- No, KAOS is very wealthy-- She turns all the insurance money over to KAOS to finance their operations.
- Which one is Maxwell Smart?
- The one who is serving.
I'd better move very fast to kill this one.
Why do you say that?
Because he's liable to kill himself first.
- That's a set, Max.
Nice game, fellas.
- Man: Yeah.
There's something I don't understand-- how do I fit into all of this?
Max, for the past week we've been sending her flowers every morning - and signing your name.
- My name?
!
Yes.
This morning's flowers contained an invitation for Ann Cameron to join you here for cocktails at 5:00.
Oh, I can't do that, Chief.
I have to get home early.
Tonight is our anniversary and I promised 99 I'd take her to dinner.
Max, you're dining with Ann Cameron tonight.
I don't think 99 would like another woman along, Chief.
You're having dinner with Ann Cameron alone.
Max, you're just going to have to explain to 99 that you're involved in a very, very serious assignment.
Now I want you to romance Ann Cameron.
I want you to charm her.
I want you to have dinner with her every single night this week!
Are you crazy?
I'm a married man.
My wife is about to give birth any minute now.
- I can't do that.
- Max, that's an order.
Why do I get all the lousy assignments?
- Hi, 99.
- Oh.
Gee, I'm awfully sorry that I have to leave you alone for dinner tonight.
Oh, Max, it's an assignment, I understand that.
But what a terrible time for an assignment like this to come along.
After all, tonight is our first anniversary.
When you're a CONTROL agent, your duty just has to come first.
in a million.
Don't you touch me!
- What's the matter?
- You know what's the matter.
You don't love me anymore because I'm fat and unattractive.
That is ridiculous, 99!
Just because you're fat and unattractive doesn't mean that I stopped loving you.
Why don't you just go ahead and say it, Max?
- Huh?
- Fat, fat, the water rat.
"Fat, fat, the water rat"?
You take that back!
What's the matter with you, 99?
Oh, I don't know.
I just am so jealous, Max!
And I think the Chief had some nerve putting you on this case.
I mean, you're a husband and you're about to become a father.
Well, that's exactly the reason why he did put me on this case.
I mean, what man who is married and whose wife is pregnant is gonna look at another woman or touch another woman or think about another woman?
- Really?
- Of course.
At least until after the baby is born.
Oh, Max, I'm sorry I was so jealous.
That's all right, 99.
Don't worry about a thing.
We're gonna have our anniversary dinner tomorrow.
- Oh, really?
- Yes, sir.
- First thing in the morning.
- In the morning?
What's wrong with tomorrow night?
Eh, tomorrow evening?
Yes!
Uh, well, I can't make it tomorrow evening, 99.
I'm having dinner with Ann Cameron, ahem.
I wonder if it was something I said.
- Maxwell, we're home.
- Hmm?
Huh?
Oh!
Oh, yes!
Well, I certainly wanna thank you for a wonderful evening, Miss Cameron.
- Call me Ann.
- Ann, yes.
I'm sorry that our evening had to end so early.
Is your headache any better?
My headache?
Oh, yes.
Well, it's much better.
It's going away, but it's much much better.
- Well, good night.
- Oh, wait a moment.
- Aren't you going to invite me up?
- Up where?
Up to your apartment.
Oh, that up.
Yes, well, you can't go up that up.
What I mean is that we're not allowed to have visitors after 2:55 in the morning.
- Well, good night.
- Um what about a good night kiss?
- Huh?
- A kiss good night.
On our first date?
!
An evening with you is like an eternity.
Oh well, in that case, all right, but just one.
Not like that.
Like this!
Ann, would you do me a favor?
Anything.
Anything!
Reach into my jacket pocket.
There's a gun there.
Take it out.
What do you want me to do with it?
Kill me.
Max, what are you doing here?
You're supposed to be sailing with Ann Cameron.
Uh, yes.
Well, that's what I came to talk to you about, Chief.
Last night I gave this a great deal of thought, and I came to an irreversible decision.
- Didn't we, 99?
- Yes, you did.
What is he talking about, 99?
Chief, you have to take me off the Cameron case.
Doesn't he, 99?
Max, you know I can't do that.
But you've got to, Chief.
Doesn't he?
to make a great sacrifice.
I'm gonna ask you to stand by while your husband pretends to be in love with another woman.
Now this isn't going to be easy for you, 99.
You're gonna be all alone while your husband carries out this assignment.
He may be gone days, he may be gone nights, he may even be gone weekends, but he has to do it.
Not for me-- for his country.
His country is calling him.
But Chief, you're asking Max to spend a weekend with a strange woman!
Wait a minute, 99.
My country is calling me, isn't it, Chief?
Let me put it this way, 99-- you're about to have a child.
Don't you want that child to grow up in a country that's free from strife, where every man is equal, where there's brotherly love in the very air you breathe?
Of course she does, Chief.
What country is that?
I guess I just never thought of it that way, Chief.
Max, I think you'd better stay on the case.
Well, all right, 99, but I just wanna put your mind at ease.
Just because Ann Cameron may be young and beautiful and sexy and wealthy and witty and fun to be with doesn't mean that I'm gonna be enjoying it.
Mr. Smart, there's a telephone call for you.
You can take it over there.
Thank you.
Excuse me, darling.
How is it going?
Excellent, Schroeder.
He's succumbing to my charms.
- Hello?
- Chief: How is it going, Max?
Excellent, Chief.
She's succumbing to my charms.
When do you think she'll make her move?
Tonight.
When will you make your first move?
This afternoon.
Excuse me.
To us.
- Hi, sweetheart.
- Gee, Max, you're home early.
- It's only 1:30.
- Eh, yes.
Well, I've got great news for you, 99-- - that case is almost over.
- Max, that's fantastic!
Well, I've gotta get a good night's sleep.
- I've got a big day tomorrow.
- What happens tomorrow?
- I'm getting married.
- Oh.
Well, I think I have everything I'll need for the honeymoon, my darling.
- Did you put your pajamas in, Max?
- Huh?
- Your pajamas.
- Oh, I won't need any pajamas.
- What are you gonna go sleep in?
- I don't plan to sleep, 99.
- Max!
- How many times do I have to tell you that Ann Cameron always kills her husbands right after the ceremony?
- Oh.
-  I'm sorry, we gave at the office.
- Max, it's me!
- Oh, Chief!
You put your collar on backwards.
It's supposed to be that way, Max.
I'm marrying you today.
Has there been a change in plans?
I thought I was marrying Ann Cameron.
You are marrying Ann Cameron-- I'm performing the ceremony.
If we used a real minister, this ceremony would be legal!
Chief, is there a chance that anything could go wrong?
No, I hope not, 99.
But we'll be watching Max and Ann every minute.
The moment she tries to kill him, we'll have her for attempted murder.
But what if she kills him before you get there to stop her?
Then we'll have her for murder.
And that's even better, 99.
It's tough to beat a murder rap.
Max, if you're ready, I think we'd better go now.
We don't wanna be late for the ceremony.
Right, Chief.
- 99, are you ready to go?
- Just a minute, I'll be right with you.
Max, did you invite Well, of course.
You don't think I'm gonna get married without my wife being there.
We are gathered here this afternoon to join together this man and this woman in matrimony.
Into this estate these two persons come now to be joined.
Do you, Ann, take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband, to love, honor and cherish as long as you both shall live?
- I do.
-  And do you, Maxwell, take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife, to love, honor and cherish as long as you both shall live?
I do.
Who is she?
Eh, well, just an old girlfriend.
Can I have the ring, please?
- Huh?
- The ring!
Oh, the ring.
Yes, yes, of course.
The ring, uh eh the ring.
Yes, well, a very good friend of mine is holding it.
I'll be right back.
Hey, 99, let me have your wedding ring.
No!
That's my wedding ring!
You don't understand, 99.
If you don't give me that ring, we can't get married.
I'm not gonna let that woman wear my wedding ring.
It's bad enough that she's getting my husband.
- She's not gonna have my ring too.
- You don't understand, 99.
If you don't give me the ring, the wedding will have to be postponed, and I'll have to keep dating her night after night.
Oh-hh.
Here.
Place the ring on the bride's finger.
If anyone here knows any reason why these two should not be joined in holy matrimony, let him speak now or forever hold his peace.
By virtue of the authority vested in me, I now pronounce you man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
You may kiss the bride.
Congratulations, darling.
Is everything ready?
Yes.
I've loosened the supports of the terrace outside your hotel room.
As soon as he steps outside onto the terrace, it will collapse.
And he will fall 12 floors to the street below.
Thank you, thank you, Uncle Schroeder.
Good luck to you, my son.
We don't know how she plans to do it, Max, but we'll have you under constant surveillance.
When you think she's gonna make her move, Max, step out onto the terrace and signal me.
I'll be waiting on the street below.
- Excuse me, gentlemen.
- Chief: Oh.
Maxwell, it's getting late.
I think we should be checking into the hotel.
Eh, yes.
Well, if you'll excuse us, we have to go now.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Good bye, everyone.
Now wait right there, darling.
I wanna carry you over the threshold.
Well, how do you like it?
- Who is it?
- Ann.
I'm terribly sorry, darling, I forgot about you.
Oh, how gallant.
Well, I'll go into the bedroom and slip into something a little bit more comfortable.
But in the meantime, why don't you make us some drinks and sign these papers?
Papers?
What kind of papers?
Oh, don't bother to look at them now.
It's an insurance policy leaving everything to you in case something should happen to me.
Oh, well, that's very generous of you, Ann.
There.
All right.
Now why don't you take the drinks out onto the terrace and I'll meet you there?
- Who is it?
- Man: Room service.
I didn't order any room service.
- Compliments of the house, sir.
- Chief!
- Boy, am I glad to see you.
- Why?
What happened?
Chief, I think we've got the wrong girl.
- What do you mean?
- You should have seen what that sweet kid just did.
She made me sign an insurance policy turning everything she owns in the world over to me in case anything happens to her.
Did you read the policy, Max?
- Huh?
- Did you read the policy?
- Well, no, she told me not to bother.
- We have the right girl.
Now that you've signed the policy, she'll try to kill you.
- She will?
- Yes.
- How will she do it, Chief?
- I don't know, Max, but she made the last 12 look like accidents.
- Who is it?
- The chambermaid.
- It's the chambermaid, Chief.
- If she sees me, she'll know I'm not a hotel employee.
The terrace-- hide out on the terrace, Chief.
doing here?
!
Max, I wanna make sure you're all right.
I'm fine, 99.
Now you'd better get out of here before my wife sees you.
Max, I'm your wife.
Yes, I know that, 99.
I mean my other wife.
- Who is it?
!
- Hotel manager.
The manager?
Max, he'll know I'm not a chambermaid.
- The terrace-- hide out on the terrace.
- Right.
Max, it's not really the hotel manager.
It's me, Larrabee.
I know it's you, Larrabee.
Didn't the carnation fool you?
No, the carnation didn't fool me.
- What are you doing here?
!
- I was standing downstairs and I got your message and came right up.
What message?
Didn't you drop a message in the flower pot?
No, I didn't drop a message in the flower pot!
No wonder I didn't find anything in the dirt.
- Ann: Maxwell?
- Get out on the terrace.
But I thought we were going to have our drinks out on the terrace.
Eh, the terrace?
Yes, well, it's a little chilly out on the terrace.
I thought it would be much better if we had them in here.
Oh, but I wanted to have them out on the terrace.
Yes, but it's so warm and comfortable in here.
Get out on the terrace!
Boy, you sure are a nut for fresh air.
Oh, I'm not going out there-- you are.
That's how I intend to kill you, my dear husband.
That's how I killed all my others.
All right, drop the gun.
That's just what we've been waiting - Larrabee, got your tape recorder?
- Right here, Chief.
- Good boy.
- When do you want me to turn it on?
Nobody move.
I've been up on the roof watching.
Three people out on that terrace and it still didn't collapse.
I don't understand.
I undid all the bolts.
It should've-- Oh, I see what I did wrong.
I unscrewed it, but I forgot to remove it.
Which one is that?
- This one.
-   -  - You're through, Miss Cameron.
I'll take my ring back, please-- and my husband.
Miss Cameron, you're under arrest for the murder of 12 CONTROL agents.
You can't arrest me.
You don't have any evidence.
He didn't have his tape recorder on.
Well, maybe his wasn't but mine was.
All right, Larrabee, take her away.
I'm sorry, Maxwell.
Of all my 12 husbands, you were the only one I ever really liked.
I was almost tempted to go on a honeymoon.
She's so beautiful.
What a shame.
What will they do to her, Chief?
She'll probably get about 100 years, Max.
Well, maybe she'll be lucky and get life.
That way, with good behavior, she could be off in seven years.
That isn't too long.
Max.
Oh, I was only kidding, 99.
{END OF EPISODE 04}{START OF EPISODE 05}
Chief?
Smart here.
We just passed 4th and Taylor.
Max, you'd better get the truck to the Fifth National Bank before they send out an alarm.
Now remember, in the last two weeks, KAOS has hijacked four armored trucks carrying federal payrolls.
Don't worry, Chief.
They won't get this one.
They'd better not.
If anything happens to the payroll that you're carrying in that truck, CONTROL is out of operation.
Don't worry, Chief.
We're approaching the bank right now.
We made it, Chief.
I'm now checking out the street.
There's a policeman on the corner, but I don't think he's a real policeman.
- What makes you think that?
- He's wearing sneakers.
That's CONTROL Agent Foster.
He's a very good man.
He may be a very good man, but he's a lousy dresser.
There's also a guy selling ice cream who's keeping his eye on us.
That's Harrington.
He's with us too.
And there's a lady with a little boy waiting at the bus stop.
- Is she with CONTROL too?
- No, she isn't, but the little boy is.
Everything else appears to be in order, Chief.
All right, fine.
Now get out of the truck and go to the rear.
Come on, Larrabee.
Let's go.
- What happened, Larrabee?
-  KAOS was waiting for us, Max.
This isn't a bank, it's just a false front.
- Of course!
That explains it!
- Explains what?
How they were able to make a withdrawal before 10:00 in the morning!
- Morning, Max.
- What are you doing in the elevator?
- Come on in.
I'll explain it to you.
- What happened?
When KAOS hijacked that money from us yesterday, it put us in deep financial trouble.
This is now CONTROL's temporary headquarters.
- In an elevator?
- It was this or the men's room.
-  -  - Oh, hi, 99.
- What's all this?
Come on in.
I don't want to attract any undue attention.
- You got enough room?
- Today I have-- tomorrow I'm not sure.
I was just explaining to Max that CONTROL is going out of business.
We don't have enough capital to continue operating.
- But that's terrible, Chief.
-  Come in, Kincaid.
You too, Foster.
I've sent for all of our men to inform them of our predicament.
- They should be here soon.
- McDonald may be a little late.
He always uses the stairs.
-  - Yes?
Larrabee: The Pentagon's calling, Chief.
Tell them I'll call them back in about 10 minutes.
- Where have you got Larrabee stashed?
- Larrabee.
Yes, Chief?
Oh, hi, Max, 99, fellas.
What did you want, Chief?
Nothing, Max just wanted to see where you were.
- Oh.
I'm up here, Max.
- He can see you, Larrabee.
- Then what did you call me for?
- That'll be all.
There's a draft in here.
Shut your floor.
All right, Nicholson.
Come on in.
Right, Chief.
In here, fellas.
Chief, I make a motion we close the elevator doors.
Chief, I make a motion we all inhale.
Hey, Max, I made my motion before you made your motion.
I know, but if we don't do my motion first, we won't be able to do your motion.
Max is right, Foster.
Unless we all inhale, we can't get the doors closed.
Everybody inhale!
Everybody exhale.
Gentlemen, it is my painful duty to inform you that effective immediately CONTROL is going out of business temporarily.
- You are all relieved of duty.
-  Is it really that bad, Chief?
I'm afraid so.
I even have to be out of this elevator by the end of the week.
What a terrible time to be laid off-- right before the holidays.
- What holidays?
- All of them, Chief.
- This is only January.
- Ow!
- What the matter, 99?
- I just got kicked.
- All right, fellas.
Now watch it!
- Max, the baby.
- Larrabee, what are you doing?
- Interoffice memo, Chief.
This may be the break we've been waiting for.
I asked the CIA and FBI if they'd share some of their federal funds with us.
It's a waste of time.
You know what they'll tell you to do.
I have to go to the city morgue right away.
- See?
- You're going with me, Max.
We may not have to shut down CONTROL after all.
Before I adjourn the meeting, does anybody have any questions?
- I do.
- What is it, Baxter?
I'm not Baxter.
My name is Sullivan.
You're not with CONTROL.
What are you doing here?
I was on my way to the eighth floor.
I'm late for a dental appointment.
I'm sorry if we've inconvenienced you, Mr. Sullivan.
I'll open the doors for you.
Do you know who this man was, Max?
Frogsie Debs?
He could've been one of the richest men in the world.
- Really?
- He was a prospector.
He discovered the location of a lost gold mine.
A lost go-- of course!
That explains everything!
That's why he was killed and that's why we're here.
- Go on.
- Huh?
I want to know if you've put all the facts together correctly.
Yes, the facts.
Well, I haven't all the facts.
I mean, there are still a few things that are a little hazy.
- Like what?
- Like what we're talking about.
Max, on that table are all that remain of the worldly goods of Frogsie Debs.
I want everything on that table examined inside and out.
- What are we looking for, Chief?
- A map.
A map?
Debs and his partner, a man named C Errol Madre, discovered a lost gold mine in Mexico.
They were too weak and sick to carry the gold out, so they drew a map.
Because they didn't trust each other, they tore the map in half so that one half would be no good without the other half.
Then they went their separate ways, vowing to come back for the gold when their health returned.
Why didn't Frogsie ever go back, Chief?
Because he's been in prison for the past 14 years.
And all that time Madre has been sitting down there in Mexico with his half of the map, waiting for Debs to show up.
Hmm.
Is he gonna be disappointed.
No, he's not, Max, because you bear a striking resemblance to Debs.
You're gonna take his place.
But that's ridiculous.
I don't even know what Debs talks like.
- I don't know what his mannerisms are-- - Max, we have tapes, we have films, we have movies taken while he was in prison.
I'm sure you'll be able to pull it off.
That's providing we can find Debs's part of the map.
Right, it's got to be here somewhere.
Here's something interesting.
Look what happens when I hold this shirt up to the light.
How about that?
It blocks out the light.
Max, someone has sewn a crude map on the back of this shirt.
I think we've found our map!
Max, you leave for Mexico immediately.
You start right here in a place called Mira Lodo.
What'll you have?
Where is everybody?
Banditos came through here an hour ago and took all our women.
Oh.
Well, why didn't you go after them?
Have you ever seen our women?
So this is Mira Lodo, eh?
- It is.
- What does that mean?
Mira Lodo means "Look at the mud".
I see.
Well, what do you do around here for excitement?
- Look at the mud.
- Look, soldier, I'm looking for a guy by the name of C Errol Madre.
- You know where I can find him?
- Wait here.
Another one here thinks he's Frogsie Debs.
Shall I go out back and start digging another grave?
Start digging.
What do you want?
- C Errol?
- Is that you, Frogsie?
Well if it ain't, it's a pretty good imitation.
- You bring the map?
- Of course I brought the map.
- Where is it?
- I'm wearing it.
Only Frogsie would know the map was on his shirt.
It is you, Frogsie!
I've been waiting.
You wanna know something?
You're still wearing the same clothes.
Why is that?
I'm camp.
I've been waiting a long time.
What do you say we get started mañana?
Well, if it's all the same to you, C Errol, I'd just as soon as start tomorrow.
Unless of course you want to start mañana.
It's up to you.
- Let's start tomorrow.
- Well, that's when I prefer, anyway.
We're going to have to buy a lot of things-- guns, ammo, food.
And we're gonna need some mules.
- Yes, and don't forget about soap.
- What do you need soap for?
Well, I like to wash my map out occasionally.
Wait a minute, Madre.
I've got to rest.
I'm all pooped out.
We haven't got time.
Keep moving, Frogsie.
Keep moving.
Come on!
How much distance do you think we've covered since we left Mira Lodo?
- I'd say about a mile and a half.
- Is that good or bad?
- Well, that depends.
- On what?
If you're going to Mira Lodo, it's good.
If you're going away from it, it's bad.
Come on, let's go.
Wait a minute, Madre.
My feet are killing me.
I'm gonna rest here for a while.
You go on ahead.
I'll catch up with you later.
All right, hurry it up.
We haven't got too much time.
Come on.
Hello, 99?
It's me, Max.
Max, I'm so glad you called!
I was so worried about you!
Don't worry about me.
How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
How's it going?
Contact the Chief and tell him everything is going perfectly so far.
Hold it, Max.
You can tell him yourself.
He's right here.
- Hello, Max.
- What are you doing in my apartment?
I told you I had to be out of the elevator by the end of the week.
to let us run CONTROL out of your apartment while you're gone.
- How's it going, Max?
- Great, Chief.
Madre bought the whole thing.
He really thinks I'm Frogsie Debs.
KAOS?
Madre.
Everything is going exactly as we've planned, except that Maxwell Smart showed up, not Frogsie Debs.
But he does have the map with him.
Yeah, yeah, I know what to do.
As soon as we find the gold, kill him.
Yeah, I'll be in touch.
We're gonna have to use your part of the map.
Mine just ran out.
Here, hold this.
Now I know we go due north.
We're looking-- we're looking for a cave.
Hold it a minute, Frogsie.
Turn around.
Let me take another look at the map here.
Let's see.
Now it ought to be right around here someplace.
It's over that hill.
Go take a look, see what you can find.
Madre, the cave-- it's there.
And the gold.
This is the last of it, Madre.
Well, should we start back?
Just as soon as I take care of one little thing.
We've got company.
Get these mules in the back of the cave.
Man: Amigos!
Madre: What do you want?
Amigos, we wish to have a little talk with you.
- Who is it, Madre?
- That's Goldmouth.
- The senator from Arizona?
- The bandito.
What do you want, Goldmouth?
All we would like is some water.
You can't have any water.
How about giving us some food?
- Can't have any food either.
- Okay!
Then throw out your gold!
What do you want with the gold?
We'll go shopping and buy our own food and water!
I don't think he's telling the truth, Madre.
You don't think he's telling the truth?
Of course not.
There are no supermarkets in this area.
Well, I know he's lying.
Let me get a bead on him here.
Hold it, Madre.
Let me talk to him.
Goldmouth!
What do you want with our gold when you've got such a wealthy mouth?
These are only temporary!
They can keep us pinned down till we run out of ammo.
Unless one of us can stay here and hold 'em off while the other guy gets away.
- Hey, that might work.
- Yes, but now we've got to decide who goes and who stays.
Seeing as it's your idea, you stay and I'll take the gold to Mira Lodo.
You slip away when you get a chance and meet me there.
Are you crazy?
You know what's going to happen if he finds out I'm out of ammunition?
He's gonna slap my teeth out, then kick me in the stomach for mumbling.
No dice, Madre.
We're partners and we're gonna stay partners.
A partner is a partner, and one partner doesn't make a patsy out of another partner.
Would you say that in that direction?
- Why?
- You're spitting all over me.
Okay, but that doesn't change anything.
A partner is a partner, and there's only one way to break up a partnership.
That's the way.
I thought as much when he didn't move for 10 minutes.
The other one is gone and so are the burros.
They went out the other side of the cave.
He will not get far.
I know the shortcut.
Will you come on?
I'm in a hurry!
Goldmouth: Hello, mister.
Didn't I see you somewhere before?
- Don't reach for your gun!
-  I warned you not to reach for your gun, señor.
Now look.
You have a hole in your shoulder.
All right, Goldmouth, drop your gun.
You too, Pancho.
No, mister.
You drop your gun.
Are you all right, Madre?
I'm not Madre, Smart.
I'm with KAOS.
How did you know my name?
I overheard you talking on the canteen phone.
- But how could you?
- I bugged the water.
How do you like that?
I thought it was Montezuma's Revenge.
Well, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to take you into custody.
What gives you the authority to take him into your custody, señor?
I'm Maxwell Smart.
I'm an agent with CONTROL.
Permit me to introduce myself.
I'm Capitan Rafael Rodriguez of the Mexican Secret Police.
Well, I'm happy to meet you, Captain.
According to my understanding, your government will get half the gold, and my government will get half the gold.
That is most satisfactory, seño-- - What's the matter?
- I have a toothache.
Well, why don't you go to a dentist?
I'm afraid of dentists.
Oh.
Well, how about a jeweler?
{END OF EPISODE 05}{START OF EPISODE 06}
- Hello?
Maxwell Smart here.
- Max, this is the Chief.
Have you located KAOS Agent Bohrman?
Yes, Chief.
I understand that Bohrman is in the next compartment.
Perfect.
Now, Max, listen very carefully.
- This is quite important.
- Right, Chief.
As we suspected, Bohrman is taking KAOS's new intelligence code to their Southern headquarters.
Then I'm to proceed with our plan, right, Chief?
Right.
I want Bohrman delivering the wrong code to Colonel Kirby's Southern plantation tomorrow.
- Right, Chief.
- It's important, Max.
Remember, if you can make the switch successfully, it'll set KAOS's intelligence operations back 10 years.
Don't worry, Chief.
You can depend on me.
Has CONTROL Agent Porter contacted you yet?
Not yet, Chief, but he should be contacting me any minute now.
-  - Wait a minute.
I think that's him.
I'll get back to you.
- Who is it?
- It's me-- Porter.
Well, I'm afraid you've made a mistake.
- I didn't order a drink.
- Max, it's me-- Agent Porter.
Is that you, Porter?
What a great cover!
What ever made you think of becoming a porter, Porter?
We're in luck.
Bohrman just ordered a drink and I'm taking it there now.
That's great.
What did you just do?
Well, I put a knockout pill in the drink.
- I already did.
- Oh.
Well, I hope that doesn't make it too strong.
Bohrman's gotta get off this train in the morning.
It doesn't look too strong.
It's okay.
-  - Max!
Are you all right?
Oh.
Oh, I'm fine.
Now look, Porter, here's what you do-- You take this drink over to Bohrman, and when I think the drug has had time to take effect, I'll go in there and switch the codes.
Good luck, Max.
Hello, Chief?
Everything is going perfectly.
Porter is taking the drugged drink into Bohrman's compartment.
Now when Bohrman passes out, I'll go over and make the switch.
-  -  Chief, I think Bohrman just passed out.
Now remember, Max-- you'll find the codebook taped to Bohrman's chest.
Taped to the chest.
Right, Chief.
Chief's voice: Now remember, Max-- you'll find the codebook taped to Bohrman's chest.
Well, you certainly picked a fine time to be a gentleman, Max.
Well, I couldn't help it, Chief.
And besides, I didn't want to get my face slapped.
How could Bohrman slap your face?
She was unconscious!
I wasn't talking about Bohrman.
I was talking about 99 when she found out.
If 99 weren't so close to having a baby, I could have assigned her to the case.
Yeah, she could have pulled it off.
Now that Bohrman has delivered the code, we're forced to infiltrate Colonel Kirby's plantation to make the switch.
I want to show you some captured KAOS film to show you what we're up against.
That's the colonel's plantation.
And that's the swamp surrounding the plantation.
It's heavily infested with alligators.
There's also a high wall patrolled by sentries That's him now-- Colonel Kyle K Kirby.
Don't let his appearances fool you, Max.
Though he may seem to be a kindly Southern gentleman, he's really one of the most ruthless, cold-blooded killers we've ever run up against.
I know, Chief.
I've eaten in one of his restaurants.
Chief: Colonel Kirby is proficient with most weapons, but especially so with the bullwhip.
Well, that's enough of that.
A crack team of experts trained in commando tactics will go to Kirby's plantation to switch the code, but the right man must lead them.
Well, it won't be the first time I've had to do something like this, Chief.
Max, you've seen the plantation.
It's a veritable fortress!
Yes, well, I've gotten into tough places before.
Well, you've seen the swamp, the heavily-armed guards, the killer attack-dogs.
I've also handled things like that before, Chief.
Max, this is a suicide mission.
Whoever goes will probably never come back.
Yes, well, whoever it is, Chief, let's wish him good luck.
Good luck, Max.
Convicts?
Max: Well, we had no choice, 99.
We checked it out with the computer and the only three men with the necessary qualifications to carry out the mission are now serving life sentences.
And you're willing to work with them?
Well, it wasn't a matter of that, 99.
It was a matter of whether or not they were willing to work with me.
The Chief finally got the governor to grant them full pardons if the mission came off successfully.
Well, I've gotta run along.
It's getting late.
We start training this morning, and I've only got two weeks to get ready.
- Ooh!
- What's the matter?
- My back aches a little bit.
- Oh.
Gee, 99, I sure hope you have the baby before the two weeks is up.
I'd hate to have to be out on that mission and worry about you and the baby.
Well, the doctor says it'll be any day now.
- Well, I've gotta run along.
Goodbye.
- Ooh.
What's the matter?
Your back again?
No, my foot-- you're standing on it.
All right, Officer, you can go back to the penitentiary.
These men are in my custody now.
All right, men, I'm Maxwell Smart, your commanding officer.
So from now on when I talk to you, you will snap to attention.
That's better, much better.
- Name?
- Simmons.
Why are you holding your hands up like that, Simmons?
Because these are the most valuable things I own.
Without my hands, I'd be out of business.
I don't recall asking for a surgeon on this job.
- I'm a safecracker.
- Oh.
- Name?
- Murphy.
What do you do, Murphy?
- Guess.
- Lumberjack?
I'm the muscle you asked for.
Oh.
- Name?
- Farley.
Oh yes, Farley, I've heard about you.
They say that you're the greatest pickpocket in the country.
- In the world.
- Oh, really?
Well, we'll see about that.
All right, gentlemen, now time is of the essence.
So in exactly     Max, can I see you over here for a minute?
How are things going, Max?
Well, Chief, they need a lot of work.
I'm afraid we've run out of time.
What are you talking about, "run out of time"?
We've been training for less than a week!
Max, KAOS changed their plans.
We've just learned that Colonel Kirby is turning the code over to their courier at midnight tonight.
- Tonight?
- Yes, you'll leave for the South in one hour.
Let's synchronize our watches.
Right, Chief.
Farley!
Well, I want you to call me on my wristwatch phone the minute the labor pains start.
Max, that won't be necessary.
The Chief is standing by to take me to the hospital.
I know, 99, but I want to feel like I'm near you at a time like that.
All right, I'll call you on your wrist phone.
All right, now remember-- no matter what time of the day or night, no matter what I'm doing, I want you to call me.
All right.
Goodbye, love.
Gee, I'm sorry I'm late, 99.
Did you have the baby yet?
Of course, she didn't have the baby yet.
What are you doing here?
I came here to take her to the hospital to have the baby.
We don't know when she's going to have the baby.
She could have it tonight, she could have it tomorrow night, she could have it the next night.
Gee, I hope not, Max.
That's why I'm here now.
I'm tied up for the rest of the week.
You mean to tell me that's all the business you did last week?
Why, that's mighty disappointing.
Mighty disappointing.
Business that bad, Colonel?
I tell you, Bohrman honey, it's a darn lucky thing that all my restaurants are being used to distribute KAOS information, otherwise we'd be out of business.
I am just amazed that people don't cotton to your Tennessee Fricassee Frog Legs.
They didn't go for my Tennessee Fricassee Eels or my Tennessee Fricassee Possum either.
Bohrman honey, will you please get that infernal chicken out of the house?
Hey, there's something you haven't thought of yet, Colonel-- chicken!
- Chickens?
- Yeah.
I can see it all now-- Colonel Kirby's Tennessee Fricassee Chicken!
Who'd eat that?
Colonel honey, we haven't been out of the house in a long time.
We never go anywhere anymore.
Can't we go into town tonight for some fun?
Not tonight, Bohrman.
You know Kessinger the KAOS courier is coming tonight to pick up the codes.
But I'm so bored.
Bohrman honey I've got a little surprise for you up in the attic.
- You do, darling?
- I've been saving it a long, long time, waiting for the right woman to come along.
Oh, Colonel, I'm so excited.
What is it?
Well, tell me what it is!
Ooh, it's something my daddy gave me a long time ago - that I saved.
- What?
What?
Nobody knows this, honey but I've got a slave left.
Keep moving.
Another 100 yards and we'll be through the swamp.
Smart, I think I see the plantation.
You're right, Simmons.
All right, now here's what we'll do: As soon as we get to land, we'll hide this boat in the woods.
And then we'll make our way to the main gate of the plantation.
- Hello.
- 99: Hello, Max?
It's for you.
- Hello, Smart here.
- Hello, Max.
It's me 99.
Oh, hi, 99.
How are you feeling?
I'm fine, Max, but you made me promise to call you the minute the pains started.
Oh, fellas, my wife is beginning to get pains.
How far apart are they, 99?
I don't know yet-- I've only had one.
She's only had one so far.
Call me back when you get two.
Okay, Max.
Bye.
All right, men, let's go.
Come on, move out, move out!
Let's go.
Move out.
Come on.
He's coming this way.
Okay, Farley, here's where we find out just how good a pickpocket you really are.
I want the keys off that guard's belt.
Consider it done.
I only wanted the keys, Farley, not the dog.
You'd better take it, Smart.
Farley gets offended real easy.
Thank you, Farley.
It's a pleasure.
What else do you need?
Nothing.
Now you're gonna have to stay here with the dog and watch him so that he doesn't bark.
Simmons, Murphy, let's go.
Open the gates, Simmons.
Will you hurry up, Simmons?
!
I can't find the right key.
Here, let me try.
Murphy, what are you doing inside the gate?
You're supposed to be out here with us.
Then when we open the gate, we all go in.
- How did you get in there?
- I bended the pole.
He bended the pole.
Come on.
All right, hold it.
- Now the first thing-- -  - Hello?
- Hello, Max.
It's me again.
Oh, hi, 99.
How are you feeling?
Well, the pains are coming every 20 minutes now, but the doctor says not to be concerned until they're 10 minutes apart.
All right.
Now listen, when they come 10 minutes apart, call the Chief and have him come right over.
Then call me.
I will, Max.
I love you.
I love you too, 99.
Smart, look.
It's Kessinger, the KAOS courier.
Smart, I think that building is the guards' barracks.
All right, now here's what I want you to do-- Murphy, I want you to get over there and lock them in.
Simmons, you come with me.
We've gotta get into the house, get into that safe and switch the code before the colonel can hand it over to Kessinger.
All right, let's go.
Man: Who closed that door?
Man #2: Open up!
Open up!
Quick, close the door, Simmons.
Now the safe should be somewhere in this room.
Well, just don't stand there, Simmons.
You're the expert-- find the safe.
I am an expert-- at opening them, not finding them.
Well, fortunately, I happen to be an expert at finding them.
Now according to my calculations, the safe should be right behind that painting.
Are you sure?
Here.
Help me move this safe over so I can stand on it and get a better look.
Well, just don't stand there, Simmons.
I found the safe.
Now open it.
Hello?
Max?
99.
Oh, hi, 99.
How do you feel?
Well, the pains are Oh, that's great!
The pains are coming Beautiful!
there yet?
No, Max, but he should be here any minute.
Listen, if everything goes according to plan, I should be back in Washington tomorrow morning.
- I'll come right to the hospital.
- Max, I'm so excited!
I can't talk anymore, 99.
I'm very, very busy.
- I'll see you tomorrow morning, okay?
- Okay.
Goodbye, sweetheart.
- How's it coming, Simmons?
- I'm just about there.
Here.
Hold the flashlight.
Right there.
- What's the matter?
- I don't know.
- It must be the batteries.
-  Don't move.
I know exactly where it is.
-  - Oh!
What's the matter?
You stepped on my hand!
Oh, sorry about that.
We'll take care of it later.
Right now we've got to open up that safe.
How am I gonna open up a safe when I can't straighten out my fingers?
Well, what are we gonna do?
You're gonna open the safe.
Are you crazy?
I never opened a safe in my life.
I'll tell you what to do.
Come on.
Now turn it slowly one quarter-turn to the right.
What next?
That's it.
I was closer than I figured.
Well, come on, make the switch.
Kirby: Stay right where you are.
Kessinger, pick up that gun.
So CONTROL agents, huh?
I don't know what you're talking about!
We're just regular run-of-the-mill, everyday burglars.
- What's your name?
- I don't have to give you my name.
All I have to do is give you my CONTROL serial number-- All right.
Now hand over the codebook.
We don't have the codebook.
You got us before we had the chance to get it out of the safe.
Go take a look for yourself.
That's right, Colonel.
We don't have the codebook.
Good work, Simmons.
Take a look for yourself.
Bohrman keep them covered.
Kessinger, take the codebook and get goin'.
Start distribution immediately.
Earlier this evening you complained about being bored, Bohrman.
Well, these gentlemen are now gonna provide you with a little entertainment before they die.
Now which one would you like to see go first?
Mmm start with the cute one.
It's always been my curse.
Not you.
The cute one!
Oh, let him go first.
He seems so anxious.
All right, boy, start dancing.
I don't know how to dance!
However, I'm certainly willing to learn.
-  - Hold it!
- Hello?
- Hello, Max?
The Chief is waiting for me downstairs.
I'm on my way to the hospital right now.
- Are you all right, 99?
- Yes, the pains are coming every 10 minutes now.
Good.
Mine are coming every five seconds.
Hey, just a minute, fella!
That was my wife I was talking to!
Okay, that does it, Colonel.
I'm not dancing for you anymore.
Really?
We'll see.
Oh boy!
Honey Colonel-- oh.
Colonel, are you all right?
- Hello?
- You can stop worrying now, Max.
We started for the hospital and the pains stopped.
It was a false alarm.
I'm happy to hear that, 99.
I really wanted to be with you when the baby came.
Well, it looks like the case here is all wrapped up.
I'll be home first thing in the morning.
Oh, that's wonderful, love.
See you then.
Goodbye, sweetheart.
Simmons, come here.
Well, Simmons, I guess you realize that this means a full pardon for you and Murphy and Farley.
Well, I'll tell you something, Smart-- I've learned my lesson.
As soon as I get out I'm goin' into business for myself.
I'm happy to hear that.
What kind of business are you going into?
I'm gonna become a television repairman.
Oh.
Well, if I were you and I got out, I'd go straight.
{END OF EPISODE 06}{START OF EPISODE 07}
I knew I forgot something.
Here's a map of the shortest route to the hospital, 99.
- Direct me as we go.
- Okay, Max.
We left the apartment at 8:20.
Now according to my calculations, we should be at the hospital at precisely 8:31.
make it so fast?
for five months.
I know more shortcuts in this town than even the police know.
Max, you're fantastic.
We're coming to Spring Street.
Which way do I go?
- Uh, Spring Street-- turn left.
- Right.
A little mistake there, 99, but I'll make up for it by speeding up.
Don't go too fast, Max.
All right, where do you think you're going, to a fire?
No, to a hospital.
My wife is pregnant.
- All right, follow me.
- No, you follow me.
I know a shortcut.
Hold on, 99.
Here's where we come to our first shortcut.
Okay, Max.
-  -  Well, I cut off a minute there.
And the antenna on the officer's motorcycle.
- What time is it now?
- It's 8:26.
Okay, here's where I save another two miles.
Hey, Max, look at the traffic at the light up ahead.
If you look at that map closely, 99, you'll see that I found a shortcut that'll get us around that traffic.
Oh, I see.
We go around the Bijoux Theater.
Nope, we go through the Bijoux Theater.
Oh.
Oh!
Gee, 99, I wish we weren't in such a hurry.
Why, Max?
That was a Humphrey Bogart movie!
Right on the nose-- 8:31.
Is this the hospital you wanted to get to?
- Yes.
Why?
- This hospital is only two blocks away from where I picked you up.
You wait there.
I'll get you a wheelchair.
That won't be necessary, Officer.
She's not going to have the baby today.
Wait a minute what do you mean she's not gonna have the baby today?
Well, she is going to have the baby, but this was just a trial run.
You see, we wanted to see how long it would take to get from our apartment to the hospital.
And we made it in less than nine minutes.
- Isn't that wonderful, 99?
- That's wonderful, love.
- There's only one thing wrong.
- What's that?
This isn't the hospital where I'm gonna have the baby.
It's four months since KAOS changed their secret headquarters, and we still haven't been able to find it.
I just don't understand it.
Now look at this, Chief.
Here's something I never noticed before.
- What's that?
- Linley Lane is a through street.
I thought it was a dead end.
What difference does that make?
"What difference does that make"?
It's four blocks shorter to the hospital.
Max, we're trying to find KAOS's secret headquarters, not a shortcut to the hospital.
Yes, well, I wanna make sure After all, I don't want my son born in the back of a taxicab.
Max, believe me, we'll get 99 to the hospital in plenty of time.
Well, I certainly hope so, because hospital rates are very high, but not nearly as high as cabs'.
Max, do us both a favor-- call 99 and see if she's feeling all right.
Then you can put your mind at ease and we can both get back to work.
My mind is perfectly at ease.
I don't have to call 99.
- Then we can get back to work?
- Absolutely.
Anytime you're ready, Doctor.
-  - Hello?
Hi, sweetheart.
How're you feeling?
Oh, I'm just fine, Max.
The pains haven't begun yet.
- What are you doing?
- Well, I was just trying to decide between Edna and Estralita.
- Do you have any preference?
- Estralita Smart?
That's kind of a strange name for a boy, isn't it?
Oh, Max, it's not the name for the baby.
I'm trying to decide what nurse to hire.
Well, if you want my advice, 99, you'll hire the woman who does the most work for the least amount of money.
Oh.
Well, I'll call my mother and have her grab the next plane.
When are you coming home, Max?
I don't know, sweetheart.
I have to go down and stake out the bus station.
Well, don't worry about me, love.
I'll be fine.
I'll call you from there and leave you a number where you can reach me in case the pains start.
Right.
Thank you, darling.
Bye.
Goodbye, sweetheart.
Okay, Chief, let's get at it.
We've covered the entire waterfront, and all of the areas south of the Pentagon.
- Excuse me, Chief.
- What are you doing?
- I forgot to tell 99 the good news.
- What good news?
That Linley Lane is a through street.
Max, hang up the phone!
We've combed the entire area week after week for the past four months.
The only thing we can do now is spot a KAOS courier and follow him in the hopes that he'll lead us to KAOS's secret headquarters.
Morning, Chief.
Morning, Max.
Good morning?
Larrabee, it's 8:00!
What are you doing here?
I always come to work It's 8:00 in the evening, not 8:00 in the morning.
- It is?
- Yes!
- Oh, well, that explains it.
- Explains what?
Why my wife served me pot roast for breakfast.
Goodbye, Larrabee.
- You mean I can go?
- Yes.
Gee, that's nice of you, Chief, giving me the rest of the day off.
Uh he's a-- he's a good man, Chief.
I mean, he would have stayed if you asked him to.
He'd jump off the bridge if I asked him to.
We'd better get out of here ourselves.
Come on, I'll drop you off at the bus terminal.
Woman over P.A.: Greystone Bus now loading for Los Angeles, California.
Hello, 99?
Max.
How are you feeling?
- Oh, I'm fine, Max.
- How come you're out of breath?
Well, I had to run all the way downstairs to answer the phone.
Oh, were you upstairs?
Well, I'd like to be.
It's just that every time I start upstairs, you call and then I have to run all the way downstairs to get the phone.
Well, I just wanted to see how you were feeling.
Well, I'm fine, but I'd be a lot better if you wouldn't call every five minutes, Max.
Okay, honey.
Now remember, if the pains start coming, call me at this number I gave you.
I will, darling.
Goodbye.
Okay.
Bye.
Tour Cruiser 21 now loading for Kansas at Topeka.
I got here as fast as I could, Chief.
What's up?
One of our units spotted a KAOS courier.
He's staying at the Hotel Senator downtown.
Right here.
This is the first break we've had in four months, Chief.
-  - Get that, will you, Larrabee?
That will be Unit 4 reporting in.
Go ahead, Unit 4.
I'm not getting good reception, Chief.
Why don't you try turning it around and talking into the speaker and listening on the receiver?
Really?
Come in, Unit 4.
I'm getting him now, Chief.
- You're too much, Chief.
- What do you mean, I'm too much?
It's one thing to be able to run an organization like CONTROL, but to also be an expert in electronics The suspect just checked out of the hotel and is now in a cab going north on 7th Street.
- He's dressed in a white sailor suit.
- Good.
Unit 12 will now take over.
Unit 4, discontinue pursuit.
Unit 12, commence pursuit.
Let's keep our fingers crossed we don't lose him, Larrabee.
Come in, Unit 12.
Chief, the cab is headed for the bus terminal.
So far so good.
Now if we just don't get a bad break.
- Smart's covering the bus terminal.
- That's it.
- That's what?
- The bad break.
I'll have to call Smart at the bus terminal.
Hello, 99?
I'll be there in five minutes.
Max, this is not 99.
This is the Chief.
Chief, would you mind getting off the phone?
I'm expecting a call from 99.
Max, will you pay attention to your duty?
Chief, I'm gonna have a baby.
Max, you may not have a country to raise him in.
Now a KAOS courier is arriving at the bus terminal any second now in a taxi.
He'll be dressed in a white sailor suit.
Wait a minute, Chief.
That's him.
He's coming into the terminal.
He's going into the coffee shop, Chief.
Max, you go into the coffee shop and keep your eye on him.
We've waited four months for this moment.
Under no circumstances are you to let him out of your sight.
That'll be the day when I lose a guy in a white sailor suit.
Shows you how stupid KAOS can be sometimes.
You know, Chief, I remember a case once-- Max, get in the coffee shop!
Right, Chief.
Bus for Washington Navy Yard now loading.
Bus for Washington Navy Yard now loading.
Which one of you guys is going to KAOS secret headquarters?
"Samuel, Scott, Sherman".
Sherman!
How about Sherman, Max?
Sherman.
Sherman Sherman.
Nope, that's no good at all, 99.
Sherman is a one-way street.
Max, I'm not talking about streets, I'm talking about a name for the baby.
You mean to tell me that all those names you've been giving me for the last hour are names of babies?
- But of course.
- I thought they were names of streets.
I made a map out of them.
- Oh, Max, that's silly.
- Well, it may be silly, but it works.
According to this map, I can get you to the hospital in less than 10 minutes flat.
-  - I'll get it, 99.
- Be sure to get the password, Max.
- I will.
- Yes?
- Knock, knock.
- Who's there?
- Me.
- Me who?
- Me the Chief.
Oh, hi, Chief.
Hello, Max.
Max, I've got something terribly important that I want to talk to you about.
- Oh, how are you feeling, 99?
- Just terrific, Chief.
Max, we've just gotten word that KAOS is going to attempt to steal - the Huffiker plans.
- The Huffiker plans?
!
But that's impossible, Chief.
You told me yourself that the Huffiker plans are in the Chief of Staff's private safe in the Pentagon.
- That's true.
- But in order for KAOS to get in, they'd have to go past No one could accomplish that.
- There's one man who could.
- Who's that?
Simon the Likable.
Simon the Likable?
Who's he?
He's KAOS's most irresistible agent, a man so unassuming, so modest, so sweet and warm that you take one look at him and you like him.
I remember what happened in London last month when he went to trial.
The court will come to order.
You, Simon the Likable, are hereby charged with grand larceny, forgery, espionage, extortion, counterfeiting, smuggling, and assault with a deadly weapon.
- How do you plead, sir?
- Oh, I'm guilty, sir.
No question about it.
Well, then it is my duty to inform you that this court finds you  - not guilty.
-  Funny.
I'm beginning to like him already.
- Like him?
I love him.
- That's just from hearing his name.
You've never even met him yet.
You're responding that way just from hearing that wonderful, delightful, adorable man's name-- I'm doing it myself.
Do you think KAOS will send for you-know-who?
They already have.
He arrives in Washington today.
Now, Max, I want you to go back to the coffee shop at the bus terminal.
That seems to be KAOS's contact point.
What does he look like, Chief?
We don't have any pictures of him available.
- How will I know him?
- You'll recognize him because the minute he walks into that coffee shop, no matter how crowded it is, they'll seat him immediately.
They'll wait on him first, and when he goes to pay his check, the cashier will refuse to take his money.
You want me to arrest him then?
No, Max, I don't want you to arrest him then.
Well, I'm certainly not gonna pay his check.
Max, I don't want you to do anything.
I want you to observe him until a KAOS agent contacts him.
Then they'll leave and you'll follow them.
He'll undoubtedly be escorting Simon to KAOS's headquarters.
Yes?
Excellent.
Yes, I will arrange it so that Simon the Likable gets here to our new secret headquarters without being followed.
What's the rendezvous point?
The coffee shop at the bus terminal.
Shall I tell Finster to meet the contact - and escort him here?
- No.
We can't take the chance of using any of our agents to meet him.
CONTROL knows what all our men look like.
Then how will we get Simon the Likable here?
He doesn't know our new location.
It has already been arranged.
Simon has been told to hang his coat on the fourth coat hook in the coffee shop.
Man over P.A.: Bus from El Paso now arriving at gate 4.
Please sit.
Oh, hold your horses, will you?
Hello.
Would you like a menu?
That won't be necessary.
All I would like is a cup of coffee.
I get off at 3:00.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm busy this afternoon.
Maybe some other time.
There won't be another time.
I'm gonna kill myself.
Oh, don't do that.
Okay, whatever you say.
Woman over  Passengers are now requested to board bus 12 for Chattanooga.
Passengers are requested to board bus 12 for Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Please be on time.
What'll it be, fella?
Uh, just a cup of coffee, please.
Thank you very much.
- Would you mind passing the sugar?
- Certainly.
I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, that's quite all right.
I was a little chilly anyway.
Bus to Wichita now arriving at gate 2.
Bus to Wichita now arriving.
Woman on P.A.: Maxwell Smart.
Telephone call for Maxwell Smart.
That's for me, miss.
Oh, you can take it right there, sir.
Thank you.
Hello, this is Maxwell Smart.
You have a call for me?
- Hello?
- Max, the pains have started.
I had the first one and I just got the second one.
Oh, that's great, sweetheart!
Now don't worry.
Just relax and don't panic.
I'll be there in less than 10 minutes.
Uh, miss Here you are.
That'll cover that.
My baby is gonna give birth any minute.
Last call for the Newark bus leaving from gate 4.
Waitress, my check, please.
Oh, he already took care of it.
Oh no, no, that's been taken care of too.
He also left you the tip?
I left me the tip.
- Oh!
- The pains are coming every 12 minutes now, 99.
Don't worry, I'll have you at the hospital in five minutes.
Don't rush, Max.
Here.
Here's the map.
- Direct me.
- Okay.
We're coming to Spring Street again.
Now tell me which way I go, right or left?
I don't want to make the same goof I made last time.
- You go straight.
- Straight?
That's what the map says.
If that's what the map says, then straight it is.
What's keeping Simon?
I slipped the map right inside his coat pocket.
He should have been here by now.
Max, what a lovely hospital.
It always takes Simon the Likable a little bit longer to go someplace than the average person.
Yeah?
Why is that?
Because people stop him to shake his hand, embrace him, kiss him.
- What's wrong?
- Outside in the hall-- Maxwell Smart and his wife.
CONTROL must be onto us.
Wait.
How could CONTROL know about our new secret headquarters so quickly?
- Did he say why they're here?
- Yes.
He wants to check his wife in.
She's about to give birth.
That could be a CONTROL trick.
On the other hand we must make sure.
Should I go out and take care of them?
First, let's find out how much they know.
Hayakawa, show them in.
So the only person you were expecting to join you here will be your mother?
Yes, her mother.
And a gentleman named Harold Clark.
Yes, Harold Clark.
Who's Harold Clark?
- Your boss, dear.
- Oh, of course, the Chief.
Your boss is a chief?
Yes, Chief Clark.
He's part Indian and part Clark.
We called them just before we left the house and they said they'd meet us here at the maternity hospital.
- Maternity hospital?
- Of course, the maternity hospital.
Where else would we tell them to come?
And why are we sitting around here talking about unimportant things when my wife is about to have a baby any minute?
-  - You see there?
We're getting her room ready now, Mr. Smart.
This is ridiculous.
This is absolutely ridiculous!
Do you know it took me less than nine minutes to come here to this hospital, and now it's taking me over 15 minutes to register?
If I had known it was gonna take that long, I never would have bothered to make a map.
Map?
What map?
A map I made to get us here in the shortest possible time.
I'll see if your room is ready.
Excuse me.
Nurse, come with me, please.
What do you think?
Obviously, Smart came here by mistake.
He must have gotten his map mixed up with Simon's at the coffee shop.
Then Simon must be at the maternity hospital.
Right.
I'll have to contact him there.
What about them?
They must be disposed of.
There's something strange about this place, Max-- Dr. Kruger and that nurse.
And where's Dr. Baker?
I called his office just before I phoned you at the bus terminal, and he said we'd be here when we got here.
Don't worry, 99, he'll be here in plenty of time.
Where's my mother and the chief?
They should be here by now.
Mrs. Smart, if you'll come with me your room is ready.
Good luck, darling.
I'll be waiting.
Thank you.
Well, Doctor, I'll just wait out in the waiting room.
- I know you have a lot of work to do.
- No.
You'll be much more comfortable in here.
Oh, well, thank you very much.
I'll just help myself to a book and relax for a little while.
Should I get undressed now?
In a moment, but first I want to give you something to relax you.
{END OF EPISODE 07}{START OF EPISODE 08}
Narrator: In our previous episode, Maxwell Smart and 99 were making a trial run to the maternity hospital.
We left the apartment at 8:20.
Now according to my calculations, we should be at the hospital at precisely 8:31.
-  - Narrator: They made it.
So did the fuzz.
Right on the nose, 8:31.
You wait there.
I'll get you a wheelchair.
- There's only one thing wrong.
- What's that?
This isn't the hospital where I'm gonna have the baby.
Narrator: While Smart was concerned with mapping a route to the maternity hospital, the Chief had problems of his own trying to locate KAOS's secret headquarters.
The first break came in the middle of the night.
I got here as fast as I could, Chief.
What's up?
One of our units spotted a KAOS courier.
He's staying at the Hotel Senator, downtown.
Right here.
This is the first break we've had in four months, Chief.
The suspect just checked out of the hotel and is now in a cab going north on 7th street.
Good, Unit 12 will now take over.
Unit 4, discontinue pursuit.
Unit 12, commence pursuit.
Let's keep our fingers crossed we don't lose him, Larrabee.
Come in, Unit 12.
Chief, the cab is headed for the bus terminal.
So far, so good.
Now if we just don't get a bad break.
- Smart's covering the bus terminal.
- That's it.
- That's what?
- A bad break.
Narrator: And more bad breaks were to come.
Max, we've just gotten word that KAOS is going to attempt to steal - the Huffiker plans.
- The Huffiker plans?
But that's impossible, Chief.
You told me yourself that the Huffiker plans are in the Chief of Staff's private safe in the Pentagon.
- That's true.
- But Chief, in order for KAOS to get in, they'd have to go past No one could accomplish that.
- There's one man who could.
- Who's that?
- Simon the Likable.
- Simon the Likable.
- Who's he?
- He's KAOS's most irresistible agent, a man so unassuming, so modest, so sweet and warm, that you take one look at him and you like him.
Funny.
I'm beginning to like him already.
Like him?
I love him.
Narrator: While Smart was busy making a new map of a shortcut to the maternity hospital, at the Sunny-Slope Sanitarium, actually a front - for KAOS's new secret headquarters -  KAOS Agent Kruger was also involved with a map.
Yes, I will arrange it so that Simon the Likable gets here to our new secret headquarters without being followed.
Then how will we get Simon the Likable here?
He doesn't know our new location.
Kruger: It has already been arranged.
Simon has been told to hang his coat on fourth coat hook in the coffee shop.
Narrator: Maxwell Smart, on duty at the bus terminal, was totally unaware that he was sitting next to the infamous Simon the Likable.
I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, that's quite all right.
I was a little chilly anyway.
Narrator: At the same moment the map to KAOS's secret headquarters was being slipped into Simon the Likable's trenchcoat, the exciting news.
Max, the pains have started.
I had the first one 15 minutes ago, and I just got the second one.
Well, that's great, sweetheart.
Now don't worry.
Just relax and don't panic.
I'll be there in less than 10 minutes.
Narrator: In his haste, Smart grabbed Simon the Likable's trenchcoat by mistake.
Oh!
The pains are coming every 12 minutes now, 99.
Don't worry, I'll have you at the hospital in five minutes.
- Don't rush, Max.
- Here's the map.
Direct me.
Max, what a lovely hospital.
I'll see if your room is ready.
Excuse me.
Nurse, come with me, please.
What do you think?
Obviously, Smart came here by mistake.
He must have gotten his map mixed up with Simon's at the coffee shop.
Simon must be at the maternity hospital.
Right.
I'll have to contact him there.
What about them?
They must be disposed of.
There's something strange about this place, Max-- Dr. Kruger and that nurse.
And where's Dr. Baker?
I called his office just before I phoned you at the bus terminal and he said he'd be here when we got here.
Don't worry, 99.
He'll be here in plenty of time.
Where's my mother and the Chief?
- They should be here by now.
-  Mrs. Smart, if you'll come with me your room is ready.
Good luck, darling.
I'll be waiting.
Thank you.
Well, Doctor, I'll just wait out in the waiting room.
- I know you have a lot of work to do.
- No.
You'll be much more comfortable in here.
Oh, well, thank you very much.
I'll just help myself to a book and relax for a little while.
Should I get undressed now?
In a moment.
But first I want to give you something to relax you.
Mr. Smart over here.
Now it's my turn.
- Oh!
- Are you all right?
Hold it right there, both of you.
I heard all those gunshots, - I thought maybe something went wrong.
- Well, I guess you know what I'm going to have to do now.
- What?
- I'm going to have to report you to the American Medical Association.
I don't belong to the American Medical Association.
Then the Better Business Bureau.
I don't belong to that either.
Oh.
Well, how about the Automobile Club?
I belong to KAOS, Mr. Smart.
KAOS?
- Where's my wife?
- In the next room.
All right, get away from the door, both of you.
Move.
Come on, move.
And just to make sure that you don't follow me  Oh, I don't like needles.
Don't look.
- 99: Max!
-  Max, they're coming and I can't run.
We'll never get away.
Let's duck in here, 99.
Shh!
Quiet.
Shh!
They're coming.
All right, now here's my plan, 99.
Once the coast is clear, we'll go out the front door.
Now they'll be expecting us to go out the back door, but we're gonna fool 'em and go out the front door.
Now you will wait on the steps, I'll bring the car up, you'll get in the car and we'll go to the hospital.
It's an absolutely flawless plan.
Nothing can go wrong.
Once I get this door open.
Max, we're locked in!
Don't be ridiculous, 99.
The door's just jammed.
Max, it's probably one of those self-locking doors.
Now that is silly.
Who would put a self-locking door in a broom closet?
Oh, Max, look.
Max, the pains are coming faster now.
Don't worry, 99.
I'll get you out of here.
I'm not gonna have my son born in a broom closet.
with a self-locking door.
We're never gonna get out of here.
I'll get you out of here.
There must be a way out.
Max: There's a trapdoor in this closet.
- Max, I can't climb up there.
- No, but I can.
Look, 99, when I get to the second floor, I'll come down the stairway and open the door - and let you out.
- Okay.
Hurry, Max.
Hurry.
What's up there, Max?
Wait till I turn the light on!
got up here on the second floor.
- What is it?
- A second-floor closet.
Don't tell me it has a self-locking door.
It has a self-locking door.
I asked you not to tell me that.
Oh, Max, we're never gonna get out of here.
Wait, 99, we're in luck!
There's a trapdoor in the ceiling of this closet.
Where does it lead?
a two-story building.
It has to lead to the roof.
Oh, I hope so!
- 99!
- Did you get through, Max?
- Not exactly.
- What do you mean "not exactly"?
I'm in the closet on the roof, but we're in luck.
Don't tell me it has a trapdoor in the ceiling?
No, but it doesn't have a self-locking door.
It doesn't?
No, just four walls.
oh, Max, we're gonna have to think of another plan.
Come on down, fast.
Oh-oh-oh!
- Was that fast enough?
- Max, are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine, 99.
I just banged my head when I hit the d-- -  - Max!
You must have sprung the door when you hit it!
Well, that just goes to show you, 99.
There's nothing in this world you can't accomplish if you just use your head.
- Come on, let's get out of here.
- Right.
Woman on P.A.: Dr. Foster Dr. Foster Has Mrs. Maxwell Smart gotten here yet?
Not yet.
That woman over there has been inquiring about her too.
Woman on P.A.: Dr. Foster Dr. Foster That's 99's mother.
Now remember, my cover name is Harold Clark.
She thinks I own a greeting card company and Max works for me as a salesman.
I'll introduce you as an out-of-town buyer.
Right, Chief.
What town?
What do you mean "what town"?
Well, if I'm gonna be from out of town, Chief, I need to know the name of the town I'm from.
Come on, Larrabee.
Woman on P.A.: Dr. Nelson Dr. Nelson Hello, how are you?
Nice to see you again, Mr. Clark.
Thank you.
This is Mr. Larrabee.
- He's a buyer from out of town.
- Oh, really?
What town?
I don't know yet.
I understand Max and your daughter haven't gotten here yet.
And I'm getting worried.
She called a good half hour ago and said they were on their way.
I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.
I have to check in with my office.
Will you excuse us for a minute, please?
Go right ahead.
Larrabee, that man who just entered, - do you know who that is?
- Which one, Chief?
The man in the hat.
That's Simon the Likable.
I don't care what his name is, Chief, I like him.
Woman on P.A.: Dr. Dorsey Dr. Dorsey That man is the most ruthless, cunning, evil and treacherous KAOS agent in the entire world.
And a heck of a nice guy.
Chief, what's he doing here?
I don't know, and let's not question our good luck.
He's coming this way.
As soon as he gets here, I want you to place him under arrest.
I can't arrest a nice person like that, Chief.
Suppose I just let him off with a warning?
What do you mean, let him off with a warning?
Arrest him.
That's an order.
I'm sorry, Chief, but if you want Simon the Likable arrested, you're gonna have to do it yourself.
All right, I will.
Sir, it is my duty to inform you that-- Yes?
Do you have a picture of yourself that would fit in this wallet?
How do you feel, 99?
I'm fine, love, except the pains are coming faster now.
I'll have you at the hospital right away.
There's nothing to worry about.
- We don't know where the hospital is.
- Except that.
Larrabee, we're in serious trouble.
At any moment Simon the Likable is gonna walk out that door, go directly to the Pentagon, remove the Huffiker plans and walk right out again.
Chances are, you and I will never see him again.
Then we've gotta move fast, Chief.
You keep your eye on him.
I'll be right back.
Larrabee!
Where are you going?
To the gift shop.
I want to get him a little going-away present.
Will you try to remember?
That man is the enemy!
He's a mean, rotten, despicable-- Hey!
Watch it!
I'm really getting worried.
I'm gonna call the apartment and make sure they've left.
- That's a good idea.
- I hope they haven't had an accident.
She just gave me a good idea.
I think I know a way to keep Simon the Likable from leaving.
Come on.
Woman on P.A.: Dr. Nelson I'm a government agent.
One of my men has had a slight accident.
However, he's the heroic type and he refuses to see a doctor.
Nevertheless, I want him hospitalized immediately.
I'm sorry, but we don't have a single bed open.
How about a double?
Why don't you take him to the city emergency hospital and let them take care of him?
I'm afraid he can't wait.
You can take a look at him yourself.
I'm terribly sorry.
I wish I could help.
I'll have a room ready in two minutes flat.
Here he comes now.
Remember, he'll deny that he's sick.
I understand.
How do I look?
Great.
We'll be over here if you need us.
Woman on P.A.: Dr. Fletcher pardon me, miss.
My name is Simon.
Did a Mr. Kruger or a Dr. Kruger leave a message for me?
No, but don't you worry, I'll have a room ready for you in a minute.
- A room?
- A private room with an outside view.
No, I don't need a room.
There's nothing wrong with me.
You needn't be ashamed.
Look, miss, I don't know what you're talking about.
I didn't come here for a hospital room.
I'm in perfect physical condition.
-  - All I want to know is if a man named Kruger left a message for me.
Take him to 212.
You-- you can't do this to me.
Mr. Simon, this is for your own good.
And we want to see you in the best possible health.
But I am in the best of health.
You'll be even better.
Max!
Where have you been?
We've been getting worried!
I don't have time to explain now, Chief.
any minute.
- Larrabee, get a wheelchair.
- Right, Chief.
This is Mr. And Mrs. Smart.
Do you have their room number?
Darling, where have you been?
We got a little lost, mother.
I'm fine.
Here, 99.
Don't worry, son, I'll stay with her till it's time.
Get away.
Get away, get away.
I'm so excited.
Now don't be nervous, dear.
Everything's gonna be all right.
- Chief, KAOS is right on my tail.
- Why?
I accidentally stumbled onto their hideout.
There they are.
All right, Max and Larrabee, let's take 'em into custody.
You three are under arrest.
What makes you think we're going to give up without a fight?
Because, Dr. Kruger, you happen to be outnumbered.
How do you figure that?
You are three.
We are three.
Yes, but he's so small, he's no match for Larrabee here.
- And she's a woman.
-  Chief, I think you're outnumbered.
Now give me your gun.
- Ow!
-  Ha!
You know, I don't think I'll complete my full internship in this hospital.
Not if they make you go down to the lobby and get your own patients.
Ha!
- Ha!
-    Admittance.
Nurse Hoskins speaking.
Oh, really?
Thank you.
Mr. Smart congratulations, you had a boy.
Did you hear that, everybody?
I had a boy!
- I'm a father!
- Congratulations, Max.
- Beautiful beautiful.
- Thank you, thank you.
Congratulations.
You must be very proud.
I am, thank you.
Ha!
I'll call Harry and Joe and Edna and Lois and Aunt Gussy.
-  - And--  Why don't you watch where you're going?
I'm sorry.
What is it?
What?
Oh, well, isn't that something?
Mr. Smart, you had a girl!
A girl?
I thought you said I had a boy.
You did have a boy.
But you just said I had a girl.
You did-- a boy and a girl, twins.
Twins!
Did you hear that, Chief?
Max, that's wonderful!
- Beautiful!
- Thank you, thank you.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations again.
Thank you.
Oh, my.
Twins!
Everybody, hold it right there.
All right, Larrabee, take 'em down to headquarters.
All right, get moving.
Wait a minute, Mom, I'll help you.
Here you go, Mom.
Max, I'll be right back.
I have to phone the office.
Mr. Simon, is something wrong?
Nothing is wrong.
I'm leaving the hospital, and please don't try to stop me well, would you like a bigger room?
A suite or a color television or some drapes?
No, I'm leaving.
I'm so sorry that happened.
That does it.
- Max, she did it!
- She did what?
She hit him!
Hit whom?
That's Simon the Likable.
Oh, Simon the-- Simon the Likable?
!
But that's impossible, Chief.
You told me he was so lovable that nobody could harm him.
Well, your mother-in-law is the only one-- I don't understand it.
Mom, how could you hit a nice man like that?
That's the third time somebody bumped into me and made me drop all my dimes.
But that face how could you hit a man with a face like that?
It was easy.
He's the image of my late husband.
Yes, Max.
They're beautiful!
Aren't they, Max?
Come closer and see.
Children, I want you to meet  your father.
{END OF EPISODE 08}{START OF EPISODE 09}
Correct me if I'm wrong, but ain't today the day they transfer my boy Big Eddie Little to death row?
That's correct.
So what are we doing sittin' here in this here car in this one-horse town?
Because CONTROL knows that we intend to intercept him and free Big Eddie.
So why aren't we waitin' for him at the train terminal de-pott?
Because that's not the way they're transportin' Big Eddie.
It's not?
Then how are they gonna do it?
By a very clever, ingenious method.
Turn around.
The Dennisville Federal Penitentiary is only six miles from here.
That's where we leave the race - and drop off Big Eddie.
- Right, Chief.
I'm gonna move up and check with Larrabee.
Well, it won't be long now, Big Eddie.
Tomorrow at this time it'll be all over for you.
Yeah.
The judge once told me that someday I'd walk the last mile.
If he had told me I'd have to walk 50 miles to get to the last mile, I'd have gone straight.
So that's the way they're gonna do it!
That certainly explains a lot of things, like you asking me to come to work in my underwear.
So far, Larrabee, I'm certain we've outwitted KAOS, but keep your eyes open.
We can't be too careful.
- Right, Chief.
- is something wrong?
I stepped on a nail, Chief, and it's killing me.
Why don't you stop and take it out?
And lose the lead?
!
They're coming.
Now do exactly as I told you.
Max!
- What happened?
- I don't know, Chief.
He was just here a second ago.
Chief, look!
Max, they're getting away!
Oh, no they're not.
Stand back.
- What a time to run out of bullets!
-  I'm hit!
We're gonna get you.
I'll kill him!
So help me, I'm gonna kill that man.
Max, you winged him.
Well, you could hardly miss at this range, Chief.
Come on.
I'll kill him.
I'll kill him!
- I know you will-- - if it's the last thing I do - I'll get that Smart!
- I know-- -  - I know you will.
Get in the car.
- Hurry up-- - Hurry up, get the car out of here!
I'll get you, Smart!
Try and get the number, Max.
I got it, Chief.
Good, we'll call the state police, give 'em that number - and have 'em pick up the car.
- And pick up the shirt.
- What shirt?
- Big Eddie's shirt.
Big Eddie's shirt.
That's the number I got.
No trace at all?
Well, what about the road blocks?
How many have been set up throughout the area?
That's a beautiful trophy they gave you for winning the marathon race, Larrabee.
- You must be very thrilled.
- I am.
Now we have a set.
I have one, my wife has one.
Your wife is a professional marathon walker?
No, she's a professional wrestler.
Your wife is a professional wrestler?
You probably saw her wrestle lots of times on television and didn't know it.
- Really?
- You ever see Battling Biff Bannister?
Big, tall, built like an ox, always wore a black hood over the face.
Your wife wrestled Battling Biff Bannister?
My wife is Battling Biff Bannister.
All right.
Let me know the minute something breaks.
Larabee, I want you to get me the flight schedule of all planes leaving Washington in the next two hours.
Right, Chief.
Well, this is a fine time you picked to leave town, Chief, while Big Eddie is still on the loose.
I'm not leaving town, Max.
You are.
Me?
I can't leave town, Chief.
My wife just gave birth to twins.
I haven't even brought 'em home from the hospital yet.
Max, when you wounded Big Eddie Little, you signed your own death warrant.
If he lives, you won't.
He is not only the most brutal, ruthless killer in the underworld, he's also the most vengeful.
I'm sorry, Chief, I'm not leaving town.
I've gotta go to the hospital now and pick up 99.
Max, he'll follow you to the four corners of the earth to get you.
You'll never know a moment's rest.
You'll jump every time you hear a noise.
You'll look at every dark shadow, wondering if Big Eddie Little is lurking there.
That may be so, Chief, but I don't even know the meaning of the word "fear".
Big Eddie Little has killed Fear: a sense of uneasiness caused by a feeling of impending danger or a state of dread or alarm.
Radio announcer: And police have cordoned off an eight-mile area in the belief that Big Eddie "The Enforcer" Little is trapped somewhere inside it.
Roadblocks have been set up and authorities have cautioned all citizens to-- stupid, incompetent police.
They have us trapped.
It's only a matter of time before they close in.
If we could only move Big Eddie.
- I got it!
- You got the bullet out?
No, I got the stain out.
Why are you wasting time trying to get the stain out?
You don't know Big Eddie.
He's a classy dresser.
He wouldn't go to a hospital with a soiled shirt.
We can't take any chances moving him to a hospital.
We gotta get the bullet out here.
If you want me to try, I'll be happy to oblige.
Have you ever done this before?
Once, with a contemporary of mine who was injured during the business confab.
Did you successfully remove the bullet?
I didn't have any anastasia.
So I put a bullet between his teeth and I told him to bite down hard.
The trouble was, he bit down too hard, and the bullet went off and it hit me.
Reflex action, so I took out my gun, I let him have it.
You mean you shot him?
It was self-defense, he shot me in the throat.
I want you to know that prior to that incident, I was a tenor.
You guys, knock it off and get me a doctor.
I got a date to keep with that Maxwell Smart.
When I find him, I'm gonna-- - He passed out again.
- He's lost a lot of blood.
And he's not gonna be getting any better while that bullet's in his shoulder!
Put a bullet right-- Wait didn't we pass a hospital on the way here?
Yeah, I remember a sign said "don't honk".
That hospital couldn't be any more than two or three miles from here.
Right through Maxwell Smart's head  No no, that's too good for him.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna-- Still, it would be too dangerous trying to bring him to the hospital.
What are we gonna do?
If you can't bring Mohammed to the mountain, you bring the mountain to Mohammed.
You understand?
You want me to go to the Poconos and bring Dr. Mohammed, tell him to come here?
I'm gonna put his feet in cement and drop him in the river.
No, the river ain't deep enough.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna-- He's gettin' delirious.
We can't waste anymore time.
All right.
Now you go to the hospital, find a doctor and bring him here.
Suppose he refuses to come?
Then you persuade him.
I think you know how.
Oh, you want me to tell him my little doggie's very sick.
Whatever you wish.
Only make sure he comes.
You leave it to me, Cortez.
Hey, go out the back way.
Might be dark by the time you return, so remember, we're in the cabin near the lake.
Cabin near the lake.
The cabin near the lake.
The cabin near the lake.
The cabin overlooking the lake.
Woman on P.A.: Call for Dr. Glysol.
Hi, I'm Maxwell Smart.
Oh, Mr. Smart, how nice to see you.
Shh!
Could you hold it down, please?
What's the matter with your throat, Mr. Smart?
Laryngitis?
I can get a doctor and have it sprayed.
It won't take but a minute.
No no no, there's nothing wrong with my throat.
I just came to pick up my wife and the twins and take them home and I don't want the whole world to know I'm here.
Oh, it's a secret, huh?
- Huh?
- A secret.
Yes, a secret.
Well, I've got a secret for you.
You can't take the twins home for another few days.
-  You're kidding!
- I know how you must feel.
But it's only for a few days.
They're not up to weight yet.
Mrs. Smart is in the incubator room with the twins now.
- Thank you.
- Oh, Mr. Smart?
You'll have to put on a sterile mask and gown before you go in there.
Thank you.
Nurse: Oh, Mr. Smart!
Would you mind not shouting my name all over the hospital?
I can't afford to call attention to myself.
Oh, Max, aren't they beautiful?
I wish we could take them home right away.
Well, don't worry, 99, it'll only be a couple of days.
Besides, you need time to get your strength back.
But I feel absolutely marvelous.
I've never felt better in my life.
I'm worried about you, though, Max.
- Oh, you mean Big Ed.
- Yes.
Why don't you do what the Chief said and go away for a couple of days?
I'm not gonna leave you and the babies alone, 99.
Besides, I don't think there's anything to worry about.
Big Ed will be caught within the next 12 hours, and all I have to do is find some place to lay low - where he can't find me.
- Where?
- Rome.
- Be serious, Max.
There must be some place-- Don't move, Doc.
You're coming with me.
You too, Nursie.
Eddie: A rope!
I'll tie a rope around his neck.
Good, you brought the doctor.
- Al: And a nurse.
- Excellent.
All right, you can remove your blindfolds now.
- Where are we?
- Please, you must forgive our methods, but it was imperative that we get you here, Doctor.
Now, look, I'm gonna explain this to you once more like I explained it to him at the hospital and in the car.
You have made a terrible mistake.
I am not a doctor.
Now you listen to me.
There's a man dying in that bedroom, and you were brought here to save his life.
The only thing that keeps me from pulling this trigger is the fact that you're a doctor.
- Did you hear that, Nurse?
- I certainly did, Doctor.
What seems to be wrong with this man?
He's got a bullet in his shoulder.
Ah.
Well, of course you know I am required by law to report all gunshot wounds.
Except in the shoulder.
- Where's your surgical bag?
- Huh?
Ooh!
The surgical bag.
Yes, it's-- do you have the surgical bag, Nurse?
No, Doctor, I thought you had it.
We must have left it back at the hospital.
We can't go in there and operate without the proper surgical tools, can we?
I'm afraid we'll have to go back to the hospital.
Of course, under the circumstances, there'll be no charge for this house call.
Hold it!
While I was in the hospital, I stole a surgical bag.
- It's in the car.
- Go get it.
Okay.
Eddie: A plane and a train.
I'll drop him from a plane in front of a train!
Wait here.
What are we gonna do, Max?
There's only one thing we can do.
- I'm gonna have to operate, 99.
- Max, you can't do that.
- You're not a doctor.
- But I don't have any alternative.
I'm going to have to go in there - and take that bullet out.
- Max, you can't.
You're so squeamish you can't even stand the sight of blood.
Yes, well, I don't plan to watch.
Here's your bag.
Go ahead, get in there.
You too, Nursie, come on, come on.
Let's go, come on.
Come on, come on.
Well now, I think the first thing we should do is take a look at the patient.
let's see Nurse, look at these hands, they're beautiful.
They're so delicate.
Is this man a famous musician?
You're close.
He's a famous hoodlum.
That's Big Eddie Little.
Whose voice do I hear?
It's a doctor, Big Eddie.
I brung ya a doctor.
Good boy, Al.
Come here, Doc.
I wanna tell you something.
- Your mask, Doctor.
- Oh, yes.
Look, Doc you gotta pull me through.
You gotta see that I live long enough to get even with the guy that done this to me.
Don't worry, Big Eddie.
We're here to help you.
Enough talk.
Remove the bullet.
- What bullet?
- The bullet in his shoulder, Doctor.
Oh, that bullet.
Yes, well, I think we should clear the room, Nurse.
Right.
If you gentlemen will just step out now the doctor will let you know when he's finished.
Remember-- he dies, you die.
That's not fair, I die either way.
Now Max, quick.
Now's our chance to contact the Chief.
But there's no phone up here, 99.
Max, your shoe.
Oh, right.
I don't like this, Larrabee.
Big Eddie is still on the loose, and Max and 99 disappeared right out of that hospital and haven't been heard from since.
What don't you like about it, Chief?
- Where could they be?
-  Hello?
It's Max.
- Say hello for me.
- Go on, Max.
Where are you?
Chief, I can't talk too loud.
Now, listen carefully.
captured by Big Eddie.
We're being held captive in a cabin on the shores of a lake.
I'll be there as soon as I can with every available man.
Now, pinpoint for me exactly where the cabin is.
Get on the other phone, Larrabee.
Now, look, Chief, even though we were blindfolded when we left the hospital, I think I can tell you exactly how we got here.
Go on, Max.
Get this down, Larrabee.
After we left the hospital, we drove about 12 blocks and came to a stop.
Then we heard church bells.
They rang seven times.
Then we made a left turn and drove about-- how far, 99?
About five miles, Chief.
And then just before we left that road, we passed a place where I heard a banging and scraping and twisting of metal.
I guess it was an auto-wrecking yard.
It was a parking lot, Chief.
Then we went through a long tunnel, made a turn and came onto a bumpy road.
Then we made a right turn, came onto a mountain road, drove for about 12 minutes until we got here.
We're being held in a two-room cabin overlooking a lake.
I know that place.
I was stationed near there when I was in the army.
Max, we're on our way.
Okay, Larrabee, where is it?
Six miles south of Berlin.
What do we do until they get here, Max?
- We'll have to stall.
- How?
I don't know, but let's make it look like we're doing our job.
- Right.
- Come over here and help me get him up - and walk him around the room.
- What do you wanna do that for?
walking is good for you.
Not if you have a bullet in your shoulder, Max.
That's in case you've taken an overdose of sleeping pills.
Oh.
Maybe I've got some sleeping pills in my bag.
- Oh, Max -  Where's the doc?
Is the bullet out yet?
It's all right, Big Eddie.
We're just gonna change your dressing now.
- Doctor, may I have the basin, please?
- thank you.
Don't worry, Big Eddie.
We'll have that bullet out of there in no time.
It's the bullet, 99.
It must have come out when you slapped him on the back!
What's taking so long?
Relax.
A bullet in the shoulder - just doesn't pop out by itself.
- Yeah, that's true.
What are we gonna do with it, Max?
Shh!
Well, I think we can get this bullet out of here in no time at all.
Big Eddie?
Big Eddie, wake up.
I want to talk to you.
He can't hear you, Max.
He's really out this time.
- Big Eddie!
Big Eddie!
-  - What?
- Wake up.
I want to talk to you.
W-what is it, Doc?
I think it's only fair to warn you, I don't have an anesthetic.
Go ahead, Doc.
I can take it.
Okay, but I don't think you should watch.
Yeah.
Okay, now according to my calculations, the bullet should be somewhere in the upper torso, around the shoulder area.
I would say that it would be about halfway between the head and the fingers.
However, I am sure that we can get it out!
- Okay, Nurse, are you ready?
- All ready, Doctor.
Okay, give me one of those things.
- The scalpel, Doctor?
- Eh, yes, whatever.
- Would you like a sponge?
- Yes, give me one of those too.
Are you ready for a suture?
Sure, sure.
Suture, suture.
- What about the thermostat, Doctor?
- Yes, well, it seems fairly comfortable in this room, but if you're a little warm, I could turn it down.
All right, Big Eddie.
Here we go.
I'm going in to get it.
- Are you ready?
- Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Okay -  -  -  -  Ooh!
- Got it!
- Good work, Doctor!
Doc, Doc.
You've got golden hands.
- I didn't feel a thing.
- Well, that's one of the advantages of working with a skilled surgeon.
Nice.
Would you mind asking Al to come in here, please?
Of course.
Doc!
Doc no matter what the outside world may think of me, among my peers I'm considered a well-meaning, good-natured slob.
You saved my life, Doc.
Big Eddie won't forget.
From now on until your dying day, anything you want in the world-- anything, I'm gonna see you get it.
Well, thank you very much, Big Eddie.
That's very nice of you.
- My pleasure.
- Goodbye and good luck.
Thank you.
How do you feel, Big Eddie?
Just fine, Al.
Just fine.
And that doc, he's okay in my book.
- What do you want me to do with him?
- Kill him.
- What about the nurse?
- Al!
The nurse happens to be a lady.
Kill her first.
Well, that just about wraps things up here.
My nurse and I are due back at the hospital so we'd appreciate it if you'd give us a ride back, if it's not too much trouble.
Oh.
Well, if it's that much trouble, we'll just take a cab.
Hold it.
Turn around.
I ain't shot nobody in the back yet.
Al, I'd advise you to drop that gun and for the rest of you to give yourselves up.
- You must be joking.
- I think not.
Because at this very moment this cabin is completely surrounded by two squads of CONTROL agents.
You're bluffin'.
Nobody knows you're here.
Oh, really?
Well, we'll see about that.
All right, Chief, move in!
Chief on bullhorn: Okay, Max!
All right, you men in there, the cabin is completely surrounded.
Come out with your hands up.
Come and get us, you dirty, lousy, rat fink coppers!
- Hey, watch your language!
- That's the only language I know!
- Larrabee, let 'em have the tear gas.
- Right Chief.
Tear gas.
Max!
What did you do that for?
Are you kidding, 99?
That was a tear gas bomb.
That stuff is murder on your eyes.
What's going on here?
Oh, hi, Big Eddie.
They threw in a tear gas bomb - and I threw it out the door.
- You're Smart.
- Thank you.
- Maxwell Smart!
-  - Boy, am I glad to see you.
- Chief: Are you coming out?
-  We're outnumbered and surrounded.
We have no choice but to surrender.
He's right, Big Eddie.
To shoot it out with them would be suicide.
All right, gentlemen.
I suggest that you drop your guns.
Okay, boys, drop your guns.
Al?
Al!
You got me.
I didn't get ya.
Cortez's gun got you.
No no, it was your gun.
My gun got you, Big Eddie's gun got me.
No no.
My gun didn't get you, Cortez.
My gun got One-way Al's.
I saw the whole thing.
Big Eddie's gun got Al, and Al's gun got you.
That's the way I saw it.
No!
The way I saw it, I got hit with-- Why are you guys so stubborn?
I saw the whole thing.
What do I have to do to convince ya?
Now here's what happened: Big Eddie's gun went off listening to me.
{END OF EPISODE 09}{START OF EPISODE 10}
- Man: Psst!
- Oh, hi, there.
- Smart, it's me, Webster.
- What are you doing in the trunk?
I'll tell you everything.
Here.
Open the trunk so we can talk.
I don't have much time.
- The reason I sent for you-- - Say, this is terrific.
Did you do this yourself or did you call in a decorator?
I did it myself.
The reason I sent-- Well, you did a fantastic job.
This is really great.
Thanks.
Now the reason I sent for you-- If I ever have a trunk done up, I'm gonna call you in.
- Are you finished?
- There's one more thing.
- What?
- Why did you call me here?
I've been marked for murder, so I'm having myself shipped to Pittsburgh before they can get me.
- Why Pittsburgh?
- Why not Pittsburgh?
Murder is one thing, but suicide is another.
Why do you think you've been marked for murder?
'Cause I got this in the mail this morning.
I'll admit it's not too ripe, but that's no reason for going to Pittsburgh.
Max, when you get a banana in the mail, you know what comes next.
Cornflakes?
Forget it.
Look, I need you to do me a favor.
I pulled out so fast, I didn't get a chance to mail this.
- What is it?
- My alimony check.
It should have gone out yesterday.
You mean to tell me that you've been sitting here worried about being murdered and you're late with your alimony check?
Would you please mail it?
- I'll be back in a minute.
- Hurry up.
I want you to lock me back in so I'll be safe.
No no no no!
And he was only a day late.
Webster was the sixth CONTROL agent murdered this month.
KAOS has really got us with our backs to the wall this time, Max.
What exactly do we know about these murders, Chief?
I'll give you the facts: each of the victims was a CONTROL agent.
Each victim was killed by someone with incredible strength.
Each victim received a banana in the mail the morning of the day of he was murdered and each victim was discovered with an empty banana peel on his chest.
If there was only a pattern to these crimes.
I talked to the night watchman, and he assures me that nobody but you walked on or off this pier tonight.
That means whoever killed Webster had to scale a 20-foot concrete wall.
Chief, I just got the report back from the lab.
- Wait till you hear this.
- Go on, 99.
The lab was able to make a positive identification on those prints that we found in the dirt on the other side of the wall.
Do they know whose footprints they were?
They weren't just footprints.
They were handprints and footprints.
Whoever the killer was walked on his hands and feet.
on his hands and feet is an ape.
Or somebody with poor posture.
You hit it right on the nose, Chief.
It was an ape.
An ape with poor posture.
Ape!
Well, that explains it.
That explains how the killer could climb a 20-foot wall.
It also explains how it had strength enough to cause all this damage.
and keep him from doing anymore harm.
I want you to send out an all points bulletin.
Now just a moment, Chief.
Are you trying to tell me that there's an ape roaming around the streets of Washington, feeling free to kill CONTROL agents whenever he wishes and nobody notices him?
- That's right, Max.
- I'll buy that.
Now you behave yourself.
There's a good girl.
I'll be with you in a moment.
Here you are, Dr. Rath.
CONTROL's sixth victim and your sixth check.
Thank you, Cronin.
KAOS is most generous.
At the rate you are going, you will be a very wealthy man.
Yes, but a very lonely man.
I've been much too absorbed in my work all these years.
No friends or companionship.
No woman.
I'm going to take this money and use it to bring myself feminine companionship.
You are going out to find a woman?
No no no no, to build one.
I'll build one here in the laboratory.
I'm going to make the perfect female.
- Maybe you could build me one.
- Certainly.
But right now I am more concerned about my next victim.
He should have received his banana by now.
- Who is it?
- Man: It's Armstrong.
- Am I glad to see you.
- We got here as soon as we could.
Come here.
I wanna show you something.
CONTROL agents are blocking both ends of the street.
There's a squad of CONTROL agents surrounding the entire building.
We've got seven CONTROL agents in the apartments facing this building.
We've asked the CIA for an agent to help us out.
He's stationed on the window ledge of the 81st floor of the Kensington building, which overlooks the entire area.
On the 81st floor?
That's dangerous.
He could fall off.
That's why we asked for a CIA agent.
Now if you'll excuse me, Cronin, I must proceed to do away with victim number seven.
Dr. Rath, may I be permitted to watch how you accomplish it?
Well, ordinarily I perform my murders in privacy.
But seeing as you are KAOS, observe.
What did you just do?
I turned on the air conditioning.
It's a little bit stuffy in here.
Now first, I will contact the ape and then instruct him to kill.
- How can you contact him?
- I have placed two tiny speakers in his skull, one behind each ear.
- Why two?
- Stereo.
Chucko, can you hear me, Chucko?
This is Dr. Rath.
- I'll fix us a couple of cold drinks.
- Sounds good.
Dr. Rath: Chucko, can you hear me, Chucko?
This is Dr. Rath.
Get ready to kill Agent Roberts when you hear the bell.
- A bell?
- He has been conditioned to kill - when he hears this bell.
- How can you stop him?
-  - Incredible.
- These oughta hit the spot.
-  -  -  Chucko is once again CONTROL Agent Armstrong - when he hears this -  or a horn.
Then it is an ape, not a human being?
He looks like a human being and sounds like a human being, but he's actually an ape.
- I don't understand.
- One year ago I took a full-grown mature ape and through a series of injections transformed him so he looks human.
But in his brain is the savagery and the killer instinct of a gorilla.
It is absolutely amazing.
I'll tell you what else is amazing, Cronin.
- What?
- That you and I can be here like this and converse in a German accent for hour after hour and neither one of us is German.
Victim number seven.
Roberts got this in the morning mail, and by nightfall he was dead.
I don't understand, Chief.
What kind of an ape could be intelligent enough to put a banana - in the mail?
- Probably one that worked in the post office.
That's ridiculous, Larrabee.
I understand during the Christmas rush they'll hire anything.
What I don't understand is how an ape was able to slip past get into that building, enter an apartment that was locked and bolted, slip past another CONTROL agent and go in the kitchen to kill Roberts.
- What is it you don't understand?
-  CONTROL headquarters.
Larrabee speaking.
Just a moment.
I'll see if he's here.
Max, it's your wife.
What are you whispering for?
In case you didn't want her to know you're here.
Hello, 99, what's wrong?
Well, I don't know how to tell you this, Max, but something came for you in the mail today.
That's nothing to worry about, unless of course it's a banana.
I'll be home in 10 minutes, 99.
You'll never guess in a million years - what just came for me in the mail.
- A banana?
All right, Larrabee, stay right where you are.
You're under arrest.
- Max, what are you doing?
- Larrabee is the murderer, Chief.
How else would he know there was a banana in the mail unless he sent it?
It doesn't take a genius to know you got a banana in the mail.
I knew it from the expression on your face.
- Then you're both under arrest.
- Max, stop being ridiculous.
Put that gun away and apologize to Larrabee.
I'm sorry, Larrabee.
That's okay, Max.
I know how you feel.
Your first banana.
Besides, it's already been established that the murderer is an ape.
CONTROL headquarters.
This is the Chief.
Uh-huh.
What's that?
That's wonderful.
Good, I'll get on it right away.
- What's that, Chief?
- Our first break on this case.
A Dr. Matthew Rath, former assistant curator at the Washington Zoo, he was fired more than a year ago for conducting unauthorized experiments with apes.
He was dismissed and his license was revoked.
Now we've just gotten a tip that Dr. Rath is continuing these experiments with chimpanzees, monkeys, baboons - and particularly gorillas.
- Where did this tip come from, Chief?
The people who lived downstairs complained.
Now I'm gonna place Dr. Rath under surveillance, but in the meantime I'm not taking any chances.
I'm assigning another CONTROL agent to you, Max.
He'll accompany you home.
He'll stay with you in your apartment, and you are not to leave that apartment until this case is solved.
Send in CONTROL Agent 77.
- Who's 77?
- He's a new agent, Max, but he's been doing excellent work.
Armstrong, I'm glad the Chief assigned you to me on this case.
It makes me feel a lot easier.
You don't have to worry, Smart.
Nothing's going to happen to you as long as I'm around.
- My car's right over here.
- Fine.
Oh, wait a minute, Armstrong.
Before I left the house this morning, 99 asked me to pick up some formula for the twins.
Fine, I'll wait.
- Armstrong, where are you?
- Up here.
- What are you doing up there?
- Just fooling around.
Cut out the monkey business and let's get going.
Now what kind of a sick mind would mark a man for death by sending him a banana?
Say, that's a-- that's a good one.
Mmm!
The aroma.
You really know your bananas.
Yeah, well, I ought to.
I've eaten enough of 'em.
- Where's Max?
- He's upstairs with the twins.
Which reminds me, dinner's almost ready.
Oh, is there anything I can help you with?
You could help me open a bottle of wine, - if you don't mind.
- Fine.
I'm so relieved that you're here, Agent 77.
I've been so nervous ever since that banana arrived.
Don't worry, 99--  What's wrong?
- I cut my finger on the corkscrew.
- Let me see.
Oh!
We'd better put something on that.
- Oh, don't bother.
- It's no bother at all.
Here.
There we go.
That's awfully nice of you, 99.
- Oh, Max.
- Yeah?
One of the babies is awake.
Which one?
Mine or yours?
Ours.
It's time for the 2:00 feeding.
I'll get this one, 99.
- Are you sure you don't mind, dear?
- No, not at all.
Oh, thank you.
- Max, you're asleep.
- Huh?
Huh?
That didn't take long, did it?
You didn't even get out of bed.
Never mind, love.
I'll do it.
I just remembered something.
I used up the last of the formula on the 10:00 feeding.
- You were gonna bring some more home.
- I did.
You didn't have it when you walked in.
Oh, I must have left it in the car.
I'll go get it.
I'll quiet down the babies while you make the formula.
Dr. Rath: Chucko, Chucko.
This is Dr. Rath speaking.
Chucko, Chucko.
Chucko, listen Chucko, kill Maxwell Smart, then you may have your banana.
But not before.
Chucko, kill Maxwell Smart.
Then you may have your banana.
Chuck, what are you doing up here?
Chuck, what's the matter with you?
- Let's go, Rath.
- Hello, Max, this is the Chief.
Oh, thank heavens I'm not too late.
We've just taken Dr. Rath into custody, and we're on our way over there now.
I don't know how to explain this and I don't have time anyway, but CONTROL Agent Armstrong is an ape!
That's right, Armstrong.
The old fake-fingertips- on-the-fire-escape trick.
Now it becomes a contest between brute strength and superior intellect.
I warn you, Armstrong.
I happen to be an expert at karate, judo and tempura.
That's one for me.
Now we both broke one.
- Max, are you all right?
- Yes, I'm fine, 99.
Oh, Max, isn't it ironic?
It took a modern jungle to kill that beast.
No, 99.
'Twas Beauty who killed the beast.
Beauty?
Oh, Max, thank you.
Oh, I didn't mean you, 99.
Beauty is the brand-name of these bananas.
{END OF EPISODE 10}{START OF EPISODE 11}
CONTROL headquarters.
This is the Chief.
Hello, this is Max.
I'm at the Pirate's Cove.
Good, you are to contact CONTROL Agent Carruthers.
We received an urgent phone call from him a little while ago requesting contact with another CONTROL agent as soon as possible.
Carruthers.
He must be the new kid.
I don't think I've met him yet.
No, you haven't.
You are to identify yourself with the words "I lost my dinghy".
he will then identify himself by the countersign-- "Why don't you try the Brooklyn Navy Yard"?
I lost my dinghy, and then he'll say, "why don't you try the Brooklyn Navy Yard"?
Right, Chief.
I lost my dinghy.
I lost my dinghy.
I think you're a little dingy.
I lost my dinghy.
I'll tell ya what I think, mate: you probably got a rubber ducky in every port.
Did I hear you say you lost your dinghy?
That's right, old timer.
- Bartender!
- Be right with you.
Why don't you try the Brooklyn Navy Yard?
Why don't you try the Brooklyn Navy Yards?
The Brooklyn Navy Yards?
It's me-- Carruthers.
Well, now this is a coincidence, Mr. Carruthers, I was supposed to meet your son here tonight.
You're supposed to meet me here.
- I'm Carruthers.
- Oh.
The Chief didn't tell me you'd be wearing a disguise.
This is no disguise.
That's why I telephoned headquarters.
When I woke up this morning, I had these gray whiskers.
And by afternoon, all the rest of my hair turned gray, and my face had wrinkled.
- You having trouble with your wife?
- I ain't married.
- Somebody else's wife?
- You're missing the point.
Look at me.
I'm only 28 years old.
You don't look it.
Smart, something terrible is happening to me.
I'm dying of old age right before your very eyes.
I--  - What'll it be, Mac?
- You'd better pour him a drink.
This guy's in pretty bad shape.
- The man's dead.
- Oh, well in that case, you'd better make it a double.
And that's all he said, Max?
- That's all, Chief.
- But I don't understand it.
I don't know what this is all about, but why can't my customers come back in here and drink?
I'm sorry, this is government business.
Are you kidding?
There's a man that's been murdered lying over there on the pinball machine, and you want people to come back here and dance and drink and carry on?
Why not?
They do it every night.
You mean there's a killing here every night?
Well, not every night.
We're closed Mondays.
But we have two on Saturday.
- What day is this?
- Friday.
- Whew.
- That was the lab with the report on the fingerprints.
- That's Carruthers, all right.
- 99, that's impossible.
I'm through now.
- Did you find the cause of death?
- Old age.
How could a 28-year-old man die of old age?
Probably too much wine, women and song, Chief.
Max, Carruthers was a religious man.
He never drank, he never smoked, he never went out with women.
Look at him now.
How terrible for him.
Why?
He's not missing anything.
I don't like the looks of it.
It has all the indications of a KAOS plot.
But if it is, then that means any one of us could be next.
You don't seem very impressed, Lucheck.
I'm not.
At least not yet.
So far I only have your word that this works.
if what you claim is true, this call will verify it.
Don't stand there, Kinsky, - answer the telephone!
- Where is it?
Where is it, where is it?
!
Look in the classified pages!
This is KAOS.
Kinsky here.
I'll tell him.
It was the bartender at Pirate's Cove.
CONTROL has just left with Carruthers' body.
You see, I told you it works.
Now it appears we can do business.
You claim you can do this with every CONTROL agent?
All I need is their photographs, and I'll touch them up with this.
That's how you do it?
Gray paint?
Oh, this isn't ordinary gray paint, Lucheck.
This is a special blend of oils and rare extracts used for centuries by voodoo priests to practice black magic.
It took me 10 years to perfect this formula.
I call it Dorian Gray.
You really age a man that much in just a day?
That's an 8x10.
A 5x7 I can do in two hours.
As I apply some gray to the hair or some wrinkles to the face, at that very moment the same thing is happening to the person physically - wherever he is.
- Truly ingenious.
Tell me, what price do you have in mind - for disposing of CONTROL?
- $100,000.
- It's a deal.
- Good.
I'll get started immediately.
You know, as brilliant as you are - you're a poor businessman.
- Why do you say that?
For what you're about to do I would gladly have paid you $1,000,000.
It's you who are the poor businessman.
I would have gladly done it for nothing.
There's some things more important than money.
- Like what?
- Like revenge.
Oh, however, there is one more thing I'll need.
Once a job is completed, I'll have to go into hiding.
- What do you wish?
- I would like a plane ticket to Miami.
- How about Cuba?
- I would prefer Miami.
Cuba we can get you to.
Miami we can't guarantee.
- hello?
- Hi, 99.
This is Larrabee.
- Did I get you at a bad time?
- No, Larrabee.
I just put the twins to sleep.
I wanted to get the telephone before it woke them up.
By the way, thank you so much for the baby gift.
- Oh, did the store send it out already?
- Yes.
And it's absolutely adorable.
I'm looking forward to meeting your wife so that I can thank her in person.
You could have done that when you got the gift.
That was my wife who delivered it.
Oh, I'm so embarrassed.
I hope that she won't be offended that I tipped her.
- How much did you give her?
- A dollar.
She wasn't offended.
Can I talk to Max?
I don't know where he is.
I haven't seen him all day.
Neither have we.
When did you see him last?
This morning, when we went to the CONTROL lab to get our I.D. Pictures taken.
As soon as you hear from him, will you have him call headquarters?
Sure will.
Bye-bye.
- Who is it?
- Max.
Oh, I was beginning to get worried about you.
Are you all right?
I feel terrible, I don't know what is the matter with me.
- I must be coming down with something.
- Oh, poor Max.
Sit down and I'll get you some brandy.
Where have you been all day?
I had to take agents Harrington and Wilson to the airport.
- Where are they off to?
- Phoenix.
- What's in Phoenix?
- Sun City.
Oh, Max, not them too.
That makes 15 CONTROL agents so far.
And every one of them turned old over night - just like Carruthers.
- But, Max, doesn't the Chief have any idea what's causing this?
You know, it's only a matter of time until--  Max!
Your sideburns!
Oh, yes, I decided to let them grow.
But they're growing white.
- They are?
- I'll get a mirror.
Max, your hair!
- What about my hair?
- Look at yourself.
Is that me?
You know something, I don't look too bad with gray hair.
Don't you realize what's happening?
They're doing it to you too.
You're turning old right before my eyes!
Now, let's not panic.
Just because I came home a little tired and my hair is turning a little gray doesn't mean that I'm growing old.
Max, I want you to call the Chief right away.
That's exactly what I'm going to do, right after I take my nap.
- CONTROL headquarters.
- Hello, this is 99.
- I must speak to the Chief immediately.
- He's not here.
He's down in the photo lab having his I.D. Picture taken.
Switch me down there right away.
Maybe I can catch him before he leaves.
Sure, hold on a minute.
Transfer this call to the photo lab, please.
Hello, Felix.
This is Agent 99.
Is the Chief still there?
No, he left a short time ago.
You're welcome.
Bye, 99.
Chief!
Chief!
- Yes?
- Who are you?
I'm the Chief.
Who are you?
- I'm Max.
- They got you too?
Boy, look at us, we're old, withered, decrepit.
What a cruel thing to do to us.
And especially me.
I mean, you were halfway there already, Chief.
Where's 99?
She was right behind me.
- Oh, here she is now.
- Hello, Chief.
Good grief, 99, you look-- When did this happen to her?
I don't know.
We were just driving along, I was doing maybe 50 miles an hour, and I turned around and looked at 99, and she was doing about 80.
You look exhausted, 99.
Why don't you sit down?
- You too, Max.
- Huh?
- Why don't you sit down?
- Oh, I thought I was.
In view of what's happening to everybody, I took the liberty of changing this Saturday's CONTROL Golf Tournament.
- To what, Sunday?
- No, to checkers.
- Thank you, Larrabee.
- Come back here.
What are you doing?
I'm placing Larrabee under arrest for the murder of Carruthers, the attempted murder of the Chief, and 99, Harrington, Worthington, Sloan, Carvellas, Vash, Duffeld--  - Max!
- And Max.
Put the pistol down.
You're crazy.
I'm not crazy.
I may be a little senile, but I'm not crazy.
What made you think Larrabee had anything to do with it?
Because Larrabee is the only one who remained young while all the rest of us grew old.
Max, don't you think that the man who's behind all this would have to possess the brain of a scientific wizard an absolute genius?
- Sorry, Larrabee.
- So am I. If you don't need me for anything else, I'll be down at the photo lab.
- I haven't had my picture taken yet.
- All right, Larrabee.
Larrabee, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
How many of our agents haven't had their pictures taken yet?
Everybody's had their picture taken.
I'm the last one on the list.
Don't you think there's some connection between the fact that all of our CONTROL agents have had their pictures taken and all have turned old, except Larrabee, who hasn't turned old and is the only one who hasn't had his picture taken yet?
- What do you think, Max?
- About what?
But if that's true, that means that Felix the lab photographer might be connected with KAOS.
It wouldn't be the first time we had a defector in our midst.
Larrabee, I don't want anybody to leave the building.
I want you to seal off every door immediately.
We have got to get down to the photo lab.
Not our door, Larrabee!
We're too late.
Felix is gone.
Looks like he's taken everything with him.
Oh, thank heaven he left some chairs.
Those were a lot of stairs.
It's a good thing we were going down instead of coming up.
Oh, too late I see.
You're right, all the chairs are taken.
- Max.
- Oh, right.
- Go ahead, you can have my chair.
- Oh, don't bother.
That's all right.
I'll just take this wastepaper basket, and turn it upside down and sit on it.
What's that that fell out of the wastebasket?
It looks like an old photograph that was ripped up.
Agent 99: Who is it, Max?
Max: Let's see, if it wasn't for the nose, I'd say it was Carruthers.
But you've got the ear where the nose is supposed to be.
I know that, Chief.
- Max: There.
- 99: Now who is it?
If it wasn't for the ear, I would swear that was Carruthers.
That's Carruthers.
That's exactly the way he looked when he died.
Don't be ridiculous.
I was with Carruthers when he died.
There were no pictures taken of him.
Wait a minute.
If there were no pictures taken of him, then how did Felix get ahold of a picture with him looking that old?
- You're right.
- About what?
- What you just said.
- Oh, uh what did I just say?
I wasn't listening.
Chief, look at the gray hair and the lines.
This photograph has been retouched.
Yes, it looks as though it's been retouched with gray paint.
Look at this, Chief, it's paint.
Dorian Gray.
Let me see that.
Now I remember.
Six months ago, Felix came to me and claimed that he could age people by just retouching their photographs.
I thought he was an eccentric.
I shrugged him off.
I told him I wasn't interested.
Obviously KAOS didn't think he was eccentric.
They must have made a deal with him.
I guess that just about wraps up this case.
Wait a minute.
Felix has the power to make us old enough to die.
We've got to find him and stop him.
And to find an antidote, if there is one.
Look at me.
I just gave birth to twins and now I'm too old to raise them.
Well, it's perfectly normal for you to feel that way.
It's a drag that you have to look that way.
Max, you and I have to go to KAOS headquarters and stop Felix.
and get a photograph of Felix out of my files and wait there.
Now if we haven't shown up by 10:00, then you take some of this Dorian Gray and start retouching his photograph.
I think there's enough in this bottle to show him two can play at this game.
Tonight we will eliminate the remaining members of CONTROL.
- Beginning with these.
- All right, let's get started.
Just one more stroke of Dorian Gray on these photographs and they'll expire.
Who shall we start with?
Both: Maxwell Smart.
-  - Who is it?
Max: Building maintenance service.
We have to get in there to clean the office.
Building maintenance service.
They have to get in here to clean the office.
Tell them to do the other offices first, then come back later.
Do the other offices first, and then come back later.
Max: They said to do the other offices and come back later.
Chief: I know, I heard.
Tell them we've already done the other offices and this is the last one.
Max: We've already done the other offices.
This is the last one.
They've already done all the other offices.
This-- I heard him.
Tell him to forget about it tonight.
Forget about this office tonight.
Max: He says to forget this office.
Chief: Will you stop repeating everything he says?
Tell them we have to get in to empty the wastebaskets or we'll be fired.
Max: We have to get in to empty the wastebaskets, - or we'll be fired.
- They have to get in to empty-- I know.
Let them in.
Open the door.
Wait until they leave.
- It's over there.
- What is?
The wastebasket.
Make it snappy.
We're busy here.
- Excuse me, Felix.
- Certainly.
- Smart!
- All right, hold it.
Everybody stay right where you are.
What kind of weapon is that?
- It's a Bazooka-broom.
- Bazooka-broom?
You mean to tell me that can actually fire a bazooka shell?
Not only that, but it sweeps up the mess afterwards.
I don't believe you.
Let 'em have it, Max.
Uh, there's no trigger, Chief.
All right, drop it.
Max, do you realize what you've done?
You took a real broom from the CONTROL weapons lab.
- Now we're really in trouble.
- You think we're in trouble?
How about Doc Simon?
She's over at the CONTROL lab sweeping up with a bazooka.
You're just in time to witness Felix put the final stroke on your photographs, and your lives.
Felix, proceed.
I'll start with Smart.
Just a minute, I don't think that's fair.
I mean, after all, the Chief does have seniority.
- I wouldn't do that if I were you.
- And why not?
Because at this moment, CONTROL Agent 99 is waiting in my office with your photograph and a vial of Dorian Gray.
This is the only Dorian Gray in existence.
I wouldn't be too sure about that, Felix.
Have you ever heard the old saying "Waste not, want not"?
- No, I haven't.
- Oh.
- How about you?
- I haven't either.
How about you?
I've heard of it.
I don't know what good that does us.
You're on our side.
What Smart is trying to tell you is that the vial of Dorian Gray that you discarded in the photo lab was not completely empty.
There was still enough left for Agent 99 to retouch your photo and make you old enough to die in a matter of minutes.
They're bluffing.
Come on, finish them off.
applying the Dorian Gray if she doesn't hear from us by 10:00.
It's 10:00 now.
Don't listen to them.
It's a CONTROL trick.
Oh really?
Look at your hand.
My hand, it's all withered.
And your hair, it's turning white.
Shall I finish them off?
No, we don't dare take a chance.
They may have pictures of us too.
I feel weak.
I'm old.
I'm going to die.
Quick, get her on the phone.
Tell her to stop.
Not until you give us the antidote.
That's just it-- there is no antidote.
Oh, there isn't any antidote.
There isn't any antidote?
I'm so sleepy, so tired.
All right, Mr. Smart, this is the end for you.
Hold it.
Get your hands up.
Get over against that wall.
Come on, you too.
Move.
Let's go.
You're young again!
I know.
What happened?
Look at your picture.
That bottle I threw at Lucheck, it must have had something in it that washed the Dorian Gray from my picture.
There must be some chemical in this cleaning solution that also works as an antidote.
Let me see that.
"Remove-All: Handy all-purpose item for cleaning draperies, upholstery, bathroom tile, and appliances; good also for the removal of grease stains, lipstick stains, and Dorian Gray from photographs that have been retouched by Felix".
{END OF EPISODE 11}{START OF EPISODE 12}
Do you hear anything yet?
Yes, I'm-- I'm beginning to catch something but it doesn't seem to make any sense.
- Let me have it.
-  "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"?
You're listening to the radio!
That woman has the worst voice I ever heard.
- Yes, but she plays a great banjo.
-  - Ah!
-   - Max.
- Huh?
- The babies are awake.
- So are we, 99.
Yeah, but they're crying.
I'll be crying pretty soon if they don't shut up.
Max, it's your turn to get up and see what's the matter.
Okay, 99.
So the drug is working.
They are completely hallucinated.
That's a good baby.
Go to sleep and tomorrow Daddy will let you play in the swamp.
- Are they all right, Max?
- Yes, they're all fine, 99.
- Were they wet?
- Well, one of them was teething.
KAOS will be very proud of you, Mr. Pym.
Yeah.
Well, thank you, Rhinehart.
I'm rather proud of myself.
I do think this is one of my better formulas.
Really, sir?
Why do you think that?
Because none of the others worked.
- You left the light on.
- Huh?
Huh?
- What?
What light?
- The light you left on.
- You left it on.
- Oh, that light.
- Mmm -  one of my snow shoes.
Max, what are you talking about?
Max!
Look at you!
Well you don't look too good when you first get up, either.
Out late last night, Chief?
Up late last night, Max.
I had the darndest nightmare.
I dreamed I had long golden curls and I was playing billiards with George Washington and he was cheating.
Can you imagine that, George Washington cheating?
Why not?
He claimed he would never tell a lie.
He never said anything about cheating.
Max and I had bad dreams last night too, Chief.
It's a weird coincidence.
Not really, Chief.
We both ate pizza.
Chief, the report on KAOS just came through our spy satellite.
- Are you sure it's up to date?
- Positive.
The weather map says it's gonna be clear and warmer.
It also says that KAOS tried to take over all - the universities in the United States.
- They did?
Yeah.
They offered the students enough guns to take over every school in the country, - but it didn't work.
- Why not?
The students said they wouldn't settle for tokenism and they ran them off campus.
Chief, did I hear you say something about a nightmare?
- What about it?
- I dreamed last night I'd keep trying to find a pot at the end of the rainbow.
And I finally found it.
Was the pot filled with gold?
No, with refried beans.
If it was filled with gold, I wouldn't have come to work today.
All right, Larrabee, thank you.
- For what?
- For the report, for everything.
Oh, that's okay, Chief.
Well, Larrabee?
Uh, I forgot to tell you, Chief.
You've got a call waiting.
- Anything important?
- I wouldn't know.
It's from the White House.
Hello?
Yes, I can hold on.
It's the President.
Yes, Mr. President.
You did?
That's funny, so did I and two of my agents.
Yes, sir, that is rather strange.
Yes, sir, I will.
I'll get on it right away, Mr. President.
The President had a bad dream last night too.
He dreamed that he disbanded the entire U.S. Air Force and replaced them with the Jefferson Airplane.
That is terrible.
Oh no, what's terrible is that this morning the Jefferson Airplane reported for work.
Chief, I don't understand.
Why are we all having strange dreams?
It's gotten out of hand, 99.
The President said all members of Congress and the Pentagon had bad dreams last night.
Boy, somebody is doing great pizza business.
-  - What is it, Larrabee?
- How did you know it was me, Chief?
- Never mind that, Larrabee.
- What are you buzzing me for?
- The CIA and FBI just called.
They want you to tune in on TV channel 51.
Channel 51-- that's the educational spy channel.
Maybe this will explain why all our government officials are having strange dreams.
Oh, hello, out there.
I'm Jarvis Pym, KAOS's mad pharmacist.
KAOS's mad pharmacist?
Yes, that's right, I thought some of you might be wondering about all those strange dreams that everybody is having.
Well, they're not dreams.
They're hallucinations caused by a miracle drug that I have discovered.
Now I think I should point out that all of you have had a very mild dose.
Had it been full strength, you would have the dreams permanently, never to be able to differentiate between reality and fantasy.
Now, you can imagine what that would do to your government.
Every high-ranking official, excluding no one, would be reduced to a raving lunatic.
Now let's get down to business.
Unless I receive $50,000,000 in unmarked bills, I will carry this plan to its utmost fruition.
I will contact you on this same channel later tonight, directly after "Let Us Pray," and tell you where to deliver the $50,000,000.
Well, good night.
- Psst.
- Huh?
Oh, yes-- I must warn you: do not try to locate or stop me.
If you do, I swear I will wipe out your government.
And now for all of you who have a splitting headache, take two aspirins and go to bed.
Pleasant dreams.
Humph.
That man is out of his head.
Yes, but what a diabolically clever plan!
Yes, but like all diabolically clever geniuses, - he made one mistake!
- Really?
What mistake is that, Max?
He prescribed medicine for our headaches and he's not a doctor.
We can get him for practicing medicine without a license.
Well, that does it.
Our scientists have checked out everything-- food, air filtration, dust, pollen.
We still don't know how the mad pharmacist slipped the drug to us.
Well, what makes you so sure he did, Chief?
What do you mean, what makes me so sure he did?
I'll ask you-- what makes him so sure he did?
Well, Max, for all of us at CONTROL to have had bad dreams, we must've been contacted in the same way.
For instance, the water supply.
Of course, the water supply.
No, Max, it couldn't have been the water supply.
If it was, everyone in Washington would've been affected.
Well, I guess Jarvis Pym will get his $50,000,000.
But that's blackmail.
You know what happens when you pay off a blackmailer?
- He gives you a receipt?
- No, he comes back the next day and asks for more money.
Besides, we have no guarantee that if we pay the 50 million, Pym will destroy the drug.
Yes we do, if he gives us a receipt.
I'll tell you one thing-- Pym won't get at us again.
CONTROL is completely sealed off.
I want you two to stay here and make sure everything checks out.
Meet me in my office in five minutes.
Right, Chief.
I wouldn't wanna be in his shoes, Max.
He's a worried man.
If he'd only get a receipt it wouldn't be so bad, 99.
Your shot, Mr. Washington.
And this time, don't cheat.
Hello, Max and 99.
What are you doing in those silly-looking outfits?
So that's how they did it!
Yes, according to our technicians the drug was in this water all the time.
Of course!
I should have guessed it, Chief!
I've had some weird experiences with water before-- in Mexico.
At least, this time we have a lead.
The Dartfoot Springs Water Company.
Probably a front for Jarvis Pym.
Well then, all I have to do, Chief, is to take a squad of men, - go over and raid the place.
- Max, you can't do that.
What if it isn't a front for Jarvis Pym?
there's no telling what Pym will do.
Well then, if I wanna get in, we'll have to do it in a discreet manner, - right, Chief?
- Now you're thinking!
- Two agents!
- Right.
- And a tank.
- Wrong!
- Wrong?
One agent and one tank?
- No, Max.
Just a tank?
But that's ridiculous, Chief.
A tank doesn't go by itself!
Someone has to drive it, you know.
Max, you and 99 are going to infiltrate that plant, - all alone.
- All alone?
In the midst of 100 KAOS agents?
That's the way it has to be, Max.
Well okay, Chief.
No offense, 99, but this is the first time I wish you were built like a tank.
You'd better get going.
We don't have much time.
Right, Chief.
And don't worry, we'll get inside.
Just don't get caught.
Capture means certain death.
Suicide mission, huh, Chief?
Well, you've picked the right man.
- I hope so.
- You hope what, that you picked the right man or that it's a suicide mission?
-  - Certainly does look suspicious, Max.
That high fence and those armed guards patrolling all over the place.
That's enough pictures.
It looks impregnable.
How are we gonna get in there?
By careful planning, 99.
We will climb over the fence.
No, Max, it might be wired.
We could set off an alarm.
Well, then we'll climb under the fence.
You mean tunnel?
Well, I don't mean exactly that, but-- why not?
Why not dig a tunnel under the fence?
No, Max.
It'll take too long.
with suggestions and you keep coming up with reasons why they won't work.
Max, maybe you could use one of those pipes and pole-vault over the fence.
Shh.
Please, 99, I'm trying to think.
I'm sorry.
I've got it.
Why don't I use one of these pipes and try to pole-vault over the fence?
That might work.
Max, look at those people up the gate.
- What are they doing?
- Let's find out.
-  - Excuse me.
Just a minute.
Play nice, kids.
Lazar, don't torture that butterfly.
It's a thing of nature.
- Yes?
- We were just wondering-- Neal, get off the ground!
Anastasia, don't kick Neal in the back!
You know I don't allow kicking above the knees.
- Are they all yours?
- Those four are-- Lazar, Neal, Anastasia and Luden.
Luden is the one gnawing on the tree.
We were just passing by and we saw this line.
We wondered what you all were waiting for.
- The tour.
- What tour?
Twice a day, seven days a week, the Dartfoot Springs Water Company gives you a guided tour right through the plant.
Luden, don't eat dirt.
Graze, if you want to, but don't eat dirt.
Excuse me.
Max, that's how we'll get inside-- we'll join the tour.
Either that or we can have Luden chew a hole in the fence for us.
Come on, 99.
Okay, let's move inside.
The tour is gonna start any second now.
Mr. Pym, we're going to have two special visitors in the tour-- Maxwell Smart and his wife.
This is where it all happens, ladies and gentlemen-- the home of Dartfoot Springs.
This is a faucet und a piece of pipe.
This is a bottle of water.
This is a drainpipe und a hammer.
This is a pail und a ladle.
A pitcher und a bowl.
Und we have here, ladies and gentlemen, three feet above the ground, - a water "schprigot".
-   Now, if you'll follow me, please.
Right this way.
Now's our chance to break away from the tour, 99.
We've got to find out if Jarvis Pym - is on the premises.
- Right, Max.
Und straight ahead is our tasting room.
All the water you can drink, it's absolutely free.
Please go ahead and drink as much as you want.
I'll be with you in a minute.
Dr. Pym: Welcome Mr. and Mrs. Smart.
I've been expecting you.
My laboratory isn't usually on the tour, but for you we made an exception.
All right, Pym, don't try anything funny.
We've got you covered.
Quite the opposite, Mr. Smart.
It is I who have you covered.
I'm all alone, if that's what's puzzling you.
Then how do you figure you have us covered?
If I were you, I would look more closely at my mortar and pestle.
Of course, the old pestle-in-the-mortar trick!
No, the old mortar-in-the-mortar trick.
I warned CONTROL what would happen if you tried to interfere with my plans.
You'll never get away with this, Pym.
We've canceled our supply and cut off your water.
I assumed as much when you showed up here.
That's why I'm putting an alternate plan - into effect.
- What alternate plan?
- I don't know yet.
- Then what makes you think it'll work?
Because if it doesn't, I have an alternate alternate plan and that one never fails.
- Max, he's mad.
- Wait a minute, 99, - if he says it never fails - Aha, - I've got it.
- Max: You see?
What is it, Max?
Well, it's either a white manhole cover or the second largest aspirin I've ever seen.
I am going to drop this tablet into the city reservoir.
Every citizen of Washington will be walking around dazed, drugged and out of their heads.
Of course.
And everybody will think that it's a folk rock festival.
- What do we do now, Max?
- Don't worry, 99.
- The laugh is on him.
- Who?
- Him, Pym.
- Why do you say that?
Because supposing I were to ask you what would happen if we were to break out of this capsule.
Then I would have to answer you that the capsule is unbreakable.
That's why I'm not going to ask you.
Besides, there's only enough air in there to last for three minutes.
You're just saying that to frighten us and make us talk.
Talk?
Huh?
You have nothing to say that I would be interested in hearing.
Oh, really?
How about the Carpenter murder case?
What about the Carpenter murder case?
See, you're interested already.
No sense in stalling, Mr. Smart.
In three minutes you will be dead, the citizens of Washington will be drugged and I will be on a plane headed for the beach at Acapulco.
Acapulco?
Max and I almost went there on our honeymoon.
It's beautiful there.
We changed our minds at the last minute, though and we went to the Caribbean.
It's also very pretty there too.
Before going to the reservoir I have to go upstairs and get rid of those tourists, but I'll be back for my tablet in a minute.
By then, you'll be dead.
Good bye, Mr. and Mrs. Smart.
- Max, what are we gonna do now?
- Don't panic, 99.
Whatever you do, don't panic.
Well, Max, there's only two minutes left.
If there was only something that we had to work our way out of this-- a hammer or a knife or an ax or something.
There must be some way to break this capsule.
It must be made out of some kind of special plastic.
- Okay, 99, you can do it.
- Do what?
Panic.
We're never gonna get out of here alive.
Wait a minute, 99.
Look over there.
It's a beaker of acid.
If we can get this capsule to topple over, and get the acid to pour on top of the capsule, it will dissolve it.
But how are you gonna make the capsule topple over?
By using my head, 99.
Watch!
- I've got it!
- Got what?
The worst headache I've ever had in my life.
Max, maybe if we do it together!
It's worth to try, 99.
All right, ready?
Both: One, two, three.
- Duck, 99!
-  Max, the tumbler didn't fall.
I know, 99, but the capsule broke.
But could it?
Pym said it was unbreakable.
He lied.
Come on, 99.
We have to destroy that tablet before Pym gets back.
- What are we gonna do though, Max--?
-   All right, Pym, hold it right there!
Oh no, Mr. Smart.
You mustn't stop me.
This tablet represents my entire life's work.
I must drop it in the reservoir.
Please, let me.
You must let me.
Please!
I'm sorry, Pym, but I can't allow you to drop that tablet in the reservoir.
- How about a lake?
- Forget it!
I'm placing you under arrest and I'm confiscating that tablet.
Well, in that case, Mr. Smart, there's nothing left to live for.
Observe-- sodium calcium chloride.
- Do you know what that is?
- An artificial sweetener?
No, it's the second most deadly poison in the world.
- What's the first?
- Artificial sweetener.
Well, goodbye, Mr. and Mrs. Smart.
Not so fast, Pym!
- Observe!
- What's that?
Anti-sodium calcium chloride.
If you take that sodium calcium chloride, I'll shove this down your throat-- not the ring, the powder-- and you'll be alive again.
That's very clever of you, Mr. Smart, but I was prepared.
Observe again-- pro-anti-sodium calcium chloride.
If you bring me back to life, I shall take this and then I shall be permanently disposed of.
Temporarily permanently disposed of!
- You know what's in here?
- No.
Oh, that makes two of us.
What's in here, 99?
Anti-pro-anti-sodium calcium chloride.
If you take sodium calcium chloride and Max brings you back to life with anti-sodium calcium chloride and you decide to destroy yourself again with pro-anti-sodium calcium chloride, Max will bring you back to life again with anti-pro-anti-sodium calcium chloride.
That's easy enough for you to say.
I've run out of rings.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
It was my turn next.
Yeah, you never really had a chance, Pym.
There was no possible way for you to do away with yourself - while you were my cus-- -  - Mr. Pym, are you all right?
!
- Yes, yes.
My ring deflected the bullet.
It ricocheted into my shoulder-- into my shoulder!
-  - Well, 99, thanks to us, Pym was stopped from drugging the reservoir and giving all the people in Washington hallucinations.
Just think, Max, because of us, everyone tomorrow morning will jump out of bed and jump into the shower, grab a quick breakfast and jump into their cars and get on the freeway and rush to work just like they do every day in the year.
Do you think we did the right thing, 99?
{END OF EPISODE 12}{START OF EPISODE 13}
Yes, yes.
I see.
All right, I've got it.
Thank you very much.
Yes yes, I see.
Yes.
Fine.
Well, get back to me as soon as you can.
Thank you.
Another bulletin, sir.
The Mississippi River is almost frozen over, and snow flurries are starting to fall at the equator.
Good grief, Colonel Quinton, this is frightening.
- General Christian.
- Yes, Admiral Crichton.
I've just had a communique, sir, stating that the reservoirs in the New York State area are frozen solid.
In New York City alone, Manhattan, the Bronx and Brooklyn - are having a drinking problem.
- How about Flushing?
I believe they're having a little trouble with that too, sir.
General Christian speaking.
General, this is the Chief of CONTROL.
I'm in Miami, and I won't be able to get out because we're under - That's bad.
- Let me talk to him, Chief.
Hello, General.
This is Maxwell Smart.
I'm stuck down here too.
Well, that's good.
I'm assigning Agent 99 to the case and the CIA is sending one of their top men.
They should be reporting any minute.
Good luck.
- What's bad, sir?
- The Chief of CONTROL - is on a special case in Miami Beach.
- What's good, sir?
Maxwell Smart is with him.
How I envy him.
Now's a good time to be in Miami.
I'm afraid not.
Miami Beach is under - What are we gonna do, sir?
- He's assigned one of his top agents to the case and the CIA Is sending one of their top men.
They should be here almost any minute.
Gentlemen, if these agents can't stop this, we are on the verge of another ice age.
- Yes.
- Man: CONTROL Agent 99 and CIA Agent Quigley are here, sir.
Good, send 'em right in.
How do you do, Quigley, 99?
I'm General Christian, Colonel Quinton, Admiral Crichton.
- General Crichton.
Admiral-- - Christian.
- Admiral Christian.
- No, I'm Christian.
- Oh, you're Admiral Christian.
- I'm General Christian.
Oh, then you must be Colonel Crichton.
No, I'm Quinton.
Admiral Quinton.
No, he's Colonel Quinton.
Quigley, the General's name is Christian.
The Admiral's name is Crichton and the colonel's name is Quinton.
Hi, fellas.
Now suppose we get to the, uh problem at hand.
Now, 99, Quigley, the entire world is at the mercy of a madman.
Have you heard of Professor Stanislavski?
Wasn't he the Polish scientist who said he had some method for freezing over the world?
Oh, yeah, the Stanislavski Method.
He tried to sell it to every nation in the world, - but no one would believe him.
- He's succeeding now.
Now we believe he's operating from an underground laboratory up here near the North Pole.
- Uh, right up-- - Right here, General.
Here, General.
- Are we alone on this assignment?
- Oh no, 99.
Every nation in the world is joining forces in order to do what must be done to stop this madman.
Russia is standing by with nuclear submarines.
Great Britain has offered us air cover.
South America has offered the knowledge of its top German scientists.
And Israel is making sandwiches for the trip.
Now in this envelope is the exact location of Professor Stanislavski's underground laboratory.
I want you to guard that with your life.
I promise you, this envelope will never leave my hands.
I didn't promise about the map.
I just said take these along with you, Quigley.
They're scientifically treated so that they will insulate you against the cold.
- Thank you very much.
- Now are you to leave immediately for Wolf Jaw, Canada.
There you will go to the Yellow Dog Saloon where you will be contacted and given further instructions.
Goodbye, General Quinton, Admiral Christian, - Colonel-- - Fellas.
- Fellas.
- Now remember, Quigley, the entire world is depending on you.
It couldn't be in better hands.
Oh, I'm so frozen I don't think I'll ever thaw out.
- Maybe you can be next in the stove.
- Huh?
That's one of our men-- Agent 44.
Is that you, 44?
Well, it ain't Daniel Webster.
Hello, 99.
- How are the twins?
- Oh, they're fine, 44.
My mother's taking care of them.
Max is on an assignment in Florida.
So this is Agent Quigley of the CIA Nice to meet you.
Say, how do you stand all that heat in there?
I'm wearing Bermuda shorts.
I didn't know you were on this assignment, 44.
What are our instructions?
You're to go to the bar and order a beer.
Then bring it back here and I'll give you further instructions.
- Roger.
I'll do it, 99.
You wait here.
- Right.
One beer.
Say, 99, would you like-- Can I-- another one, please.
- Another one, please.
-  -  - Say, what's holding that beer?
Thank you.
Here, 44.
Don't drop it.
Ahhhh!
Is there a secret message - in there or something?
- No.
- Well, what did you want the beer for?
- I was thirsty.
What's our next move, 44?
See those two Canadian Mounties at the table under the moose?
- Both: Yes.
- They've been assigned to guide you to Professor Stanislavski's secret laboratory.
Identify yourselves with the passwords "When I'm calling you".
- Is there anything else?
- Yes.
Close the doors.
I'm getting a draft.
When I'm calling you.
It's Siegfried and Shtarker.
Well, it ain't Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald, cookie.
Look, Smart, if you had to pick a disguise, why did you pick such a dopey-looking one?
I'm not Smart from CONTROL.
- Who are you?
- I'm dopey from-- I'm Quigley from Intelligence.
What are you doing in those uniforms?
What do you mean, what are we doing in these uniforms?
They are our uniforms.
You mean KAOS has changed its uniforms?
No, we are members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
- You are?
- That's right.
And we always get our man.
Shtarker.
- Doo-doo.
- This is not KAOS anymore.
We don't "doo-doo" here.
Do you mean to tell us you're not with KAOS anymore?
Oh yeah, we had to quit.
We're getting too old for violence.
The college kids are taking over.
Now we are the good guys.
Well, you certainly don't expect us to believe that you're Mounties.
You bet your sweet Klondike we do.
- Well, I don't believe it.
- You have no choice but to believe us.
Because if you don't, who will take that map of yours and guide you through the wilderness to Professor Stanislavski's laboratory?
We've decided to trust you, Siegfried.
You won't regret it.
We start immediately.
- Where's your dogsled?
- We're parked right outside.
Next to the hydrant.
And now if you'll hand me the map, we'll be on our way.
Okay.
Here you are.
Good, and seeing as I'm leading the way, I'll hold on to the map.
Not so fast.
So you won't do anything funny, I'm going to hold on to the envelope.
-  - Uh-huh, yes.
As bad as all that, huh?
All right, we'll get back to you.
- Who was that, sir?
- Los Angeles.
Don't tell me it's snowing there too.
Either that or the smog is frozen.
Aha, that tracking device we put into Quigley's glove is working.
Oh, very good.
Latitude and longitude.
Ahem.
That would put him right around there.
Agent 99, you sleep in one tent, and Quigley and I will sleep in the other.
- What about Shtarker?
- Shtarker sleeps with the dogs.
- You can't do that.
- Why not?
The dogs don't mind.
You two make yourselves comfortable.
Shtarker and I will unload the sleds.
Shtarker!
Unload the sleds!
Quigley, do you realize this is the first time we've been alone?
Well, what did you have in mind, 99?
Now we can use the radio and find out if Siegfried and Shtarker are really mounted police.
Oh yes, but do you realize how much power it'd take to reach the Pentagon from here?
Oh no, Quigley, we don't have to call the Pentagon.
There's a mounted police station in Whitehorse.
That's pretty far too, but it's worth taking a chance.
- Where's the snowshoe phone?
- Right here.
Hurry, Quigley.
This is Agent Quigley calling Royal Mounted headquarters in Whitehorse.
- Come in, Whitehorse.
-  - I think they're coming through.
- Good.
This is Agent Quigley.
Look, I wanna check out and find out if you have an Officer Shtarker - and Officer Siegfried.
-  Is this Whitehorse?
Oh, well, thanks anyway.
- What happened?
- I told you it wouldn't reach that far.
- How far did it reach?
- The sled.
I was talking to Siegfried.
How do you like that?
They still don't trust us.
Hmm, I wonder why not.
You think maybe they know we're gonna kill them?
How could they possibly know a thing like that?
Let me take a look at their map.
Oh yeah, we should reach Professor Stanislavski's laboratory in exactly 23 hours and a half.
Good, then we kill Agent Quigley and 99 now.
Put away that gun, Shtarker.
We'll do nothing of the sort.
We're not going to kill them?
Mother nature will do it for us, hmm?
We will slip away during the night.
And when they wake up tomorrow morning They'll be dead.
Quigley!
Oh, oh!
Quigley, Quigley, wake up.
Look, the tent's gone-- the dogs, the sled.
And Siegfried and Shtarker.
They've left us here without anything.
They've stranded us here to die.
- Well, that just proves it.
- What?
They're not Mounties.
Look, it's Siegfried and Shtarker's tracks.
Right, if we follow those tracks, it'll lead us right to Professor Stanislavski's laboratory.
But we'd better hurry up before the snow covers those tracks.
- Where are your gloves?
- Yesterday, one of them fell right into the water through the ice.
- What happened to the other one?
- One of the dogs ate it.
Are you sure your information is correct, gentlemen?
Positive, General.
Absolutely positive.
According to the position of my tracking glove, Quigley and 99 should be going over Niagara falls.
What about you, Quinton?
I've got them inside a dog kennel in Quebec, sir.
Quigley, I don't think I can take another step.
Let's get a little rest and maybe that will renew our strength.
Oh, I'm so sleepy.
Ow!
- What happened?
- Nothing.
- I just hit my head on an igloo.
- Oh.
Both: An igloo!
Come on.
Help, somebody help us!
Look at this.
Look at that.
-  - Oh, sorry, Quigley.
This is the secret laboratory of Professor Stanislavski.
Correction, cookie, this is the laboratory of the late Professor Stanislavski.
I've never been so famished my whole life.
Me either.
It's just delicious.
- What is that, Shtarker?
- Penguins.
- Penguins?
- Ja, penguins.
We find 'em right outside here.
We take off their little bow ties and their little white shirts.
Then we cooks 'em.
They're all finished eating, Siegfried.
Good.
Clean up the table.
What do I do with the bones?
Do what you always do.
Bring in one of the dogs from the sled, defrost him, feed him, then freeze him up again.
- You freeze your dogs?
- Of course.
But is that healthy for them?
Healthy?
Go feel how cold their noses are.
Shtarker  It's not that we're not grateful for the food, but why in the world did you have to do away with Professor Stanislavski?
Well, we had no further use for the professor.
And now his laboratory and his discoveries belong to KAOS.
But what are you gonna do with it?
To begin with, we're going to freeze the United States!
And when it is completely frozen over, KAOS' elite ice skating troops will skate in and conquer it.
KAOS has an ice skating troupe?
Oh ja, the KAOS Capades.
Siegfried, maybe it's none of my business, but by what method was Professor Stanislavski able to bring that Arctic weather to the rest of the world right in the middle of the summer?
The Stanislavski Method.
A method so simple, yet so effective that it staggers the imagination.
Look.
Quigley, it's a giant electric fan.
That information will do you no good.
We're going to kill you.
Just how do you plan to do that?
We're going to put you back inside the igloo, block the entrance so you can't escape.
You will be entombed forever.
And while you are dying, the giant fan on top of the igloo will be  - Well.
- Well what?
Well, aren't you going to say, "Shtarker, Shtarker  this is KAOS.
We don't  here".
No, up here in the Arctic you can get away with anything.
Get inside there.
There's something that I demand before you seal us inside that igloo.
What will you demand?
I demand that you don't seal us up in the igloo.
I don't understand that.
Oh, that I understand.
Get in there!
- Come on!
- Good work, Quigley.
We don't have any guns, Quigley.
What are we gonna do?
Shtarker  Listen, you go around that way.
I'll go around this way.
Be careful, Siegfried.
What do you mean "be careful," you sissy?
They have no guns.
What can they do?
Besides that?
Excuse me, Siegfried.
Where could they have gone?
Shtarker.
I don't think it was - a good idea to hide here.
- Shh!
Shh!
Siegfried: Hurry, Shtarker, seal the tunnel.
Tunnel sealed.
Prepare the sleds.
- What about the dogs?
- We don't need the dogs.
- We're going south, ja?
- Ja.
It's downhill all the way.
What are we gonna do?
We can't get out now.
Try and look on the bright side, 99.
- What's that?
- They can't get in.
Oh!
- Siegfried: Mush!
-  - Mush!
- Listen.
Mush!
Mush!
We've gotta get out there and stop that fan.
- But how can we?
- I don't know.
Maybe I can kick this open.
No, that won't work.
It's no good, Quigley.
This ice is like steel.
It's so frustrating.
Quigley, you did it.
Come on, let's go out and stop that fan.
There's no switch out here.
It must be controlled by a power transmitter - somewhere hidden underground.
- Look, our supplies!
Oh, 99, how can you think of food at a time like this?
We've gotta stop that fan!
No, you don't understand.
We brought dynamite.
Right, the dynamite.
- We can blow that thing sky high.
- Quick.
Hurry, Quigley.
- Are you ready?
- Ready.
Hurry.
Oh!
Come on, let's go.
Quigley, you have the dynamite in your hand!
The dynamite.
Run!
- We did it.
- That did it.
That ends Professor Stanislavski's mad scheme.
I'm so proud of you, Quigley.
I can't wait to tell Max and the Chief.
Yeah, and General Quinton - and Admiral Christian-- - No, the General's name is Christian.
The Admiral's name is Crichton.
- I thought Quigley was-- - No, you're Quigley.
Both: The fellas.
{END OF EPISODE 13}{START OF EPISODE 14}
Sorry, ladies and gentlemen, but we are closing in five minutes.
This way, please.
Smart?
- Maxwell Smart?
- Yes, is that you, Mason?
- Yeah.
- Here, take this.
I'm sorry, I can't chew gum.
Just had a tooth filled this morning.
This isn't gum, it's microfilm.
I don't know.
I'll have to check with my dentist.
Don't be ridiculous.
This won't hurt you.
As a matter of fact, - it's good for your teeth.
- Are you sure?
Positive.
Here, look at what it says on the label.
"Approved by the American Dental Association".
Well, that's different.
Why such elaborate precautions?
In case you're captured, we don't want the microfilm to fall into the wrong mouth.
- Now get going and make the delivery.
- Right.
Yes?
Larrabee: Chief, there's an important call - for you on line 4.
- Thank you, Larrabee.
- Larrabee.
- Yes, Chief?
- You're on line 4.
- I know and, boy, is it important.
I'd like to hear what it is.
I thought you would.
Max is calling you from Egypt on line 2.
- Thank you.
- For what?
- For telling me about it.
- Just doing my job, Chief.
- Yes?
- Hello, Chief.
Max.
I just gave Mason the microfilm.
What a relief.
The way KAOS has been intercepting our agents lately, I was afraid you'd never get through.
Everything went like clockwork.
Incidentally, that Mason is a real swell agent.
She ought to be.
She's been with Overseas CONTROL for eight years.
"She"?
Yes, Stella Mason.
She used to be married to Harley Mason of the CIA.
They got a divorce.
She certainly fooled me with that mustache and beard.
Max, Stella Mason never wears disguises.
She doesn't?
Oh.
Well, in that case I can understand why her marriage broke up.
Ow.
- Good morning, Chief.
- Morning, 99.
- Any word from Max?
- He's flying home.
- That's good news.
- He failed his mission.
That's bad news.
Chief, can I talk to you about an assignment?
- Certainly, 99.
Sit down.
- Thank you.
- How's it going?
- How's what going?
- Your assignment.
- I don't have one.
That what I wanted to talk to you about.
- Oh.
- Chief, you stopped sending me on dangerous assignments as soon as you found out that Max and I were going to become parents.
Precautionary measures, 99.
Well, I can understand that.
I can also understand your relegating me to elementary courier duty.
But the twins are six months old now and I'm still doing unimportant courier work.
- There's a reason for that, 99.
- What is it?
When you live with someone like Max for as long as you have some of the characteristics of one person start to rub off on the other.
We all know that Max isn't exactly agile on his feet.
I mean, he's-- well I know what you mean.
He is, uh Well, you know we all love and adore Max, but there's no denying he's very, uh And we accept the fact that he's, uh there's just no getting around it.
There's not even a word for it.
- Do you follow me?
- Huh?
Now you see what you just did?
Max's influence is showing on you already.
You're starting to take up some of his mannerisms.
Are you saying that I'm picking up Max's habits?
- Yes, I am.
- Now that's ridiculous, Chief.
Oh, sorry about that.
like some more coffee?
- Huh?
- I said - would you like some more coffee?
- No thanks, 99.
As a matter of fact, I think this shirt is going to be up all night as it is.
Here, I'll help you get it cleaned up in a jiffy.
Max, do you notice a change in me?
I mean, do I seem to be getting clumsier and clumsier every day?
Clumsy?
Why do you say that?
Because you drop a few things now and then doesn't mean anything.
Something the Chief said today bothers me.
What did he say?
He said I'm getting more and more like you every day.
- Oh, really?
In what way?
- Like right now.
- You're leaning on the table, right?
- Right.
Actually, you're leaning in the lemon meringue pie.
- Go on.
-  I'll get it.
- Oh hi, Chief.
- Hello, Ma-- Sorry about that, Chief.
- What's new?
- This suit was, until I walked in.
He did it.
Did you want to see me about something, Chief?
No.
Actually, Max, I wanted to speak to 99.
about what I said this morning and what you said and I've come to the conclusion that you're absolutely right.
You're much too good an agent and too vital to CONTROL not to be given some of our more important cases.
Oh, Chief, I can't tell you how marvelous that makes me feel.
Well, it's almost 10:30.
- Max, do you have a radio?
- You don't need a radio, Chief, I can tell you what time it is.
It's almost 10:30.
I know what time it is.
Do you have a radio?
Oh.
I want you both to listen to something.
Man on radio: falling hundreds of feet into the inky blackness.
Thus in his quest for the unattainable, van Borg's lust ultimately led to his death.
Van Borg fell into the very cave he was searching for, never to see the light of day again.
You have just heard the classic tale "Van Borg and the Lost Cave," directed by Hannibal Day, produced by Hannibal Day and starring Hannibal Day.
This has been your announcer, Frank Ogg.
This program is broadcast to our armed forces overseas.
-  - And also to KAOS.
What do you mean, Chief?
KAOS is using the Hannibal Day program to send messages to their agents all over the world.
You mean that's how they knew Max was on a mission to Cairo?
Exactly.
Our only problem is we don't know how they're doing it.
A code in the script?
Sound effects?
The organ music?
We just don't know how.
- What do you want me to do?
- 99, I've arranged for you to go to work as Hannibal Day's secretary effective immediately.
Oh, Chief, I can't tell you how much I appreciate this opportunity to get back into action.
And to justify your faith in me, I want you to know that nothing, I mean absolutely nothing, will stand in the way of a successful mission!
- I'll get on it immediately.
-  As soon as I wash my hands.
-  -  Mi mi mi mi mi.
"Yes, it's time for radio's greatest actor, producer, director and writer-- the incomparable Hannibal Day, and tonight's classic thriller, 'Death in the Cemetery".
' Are your cues all marked?
Yeah, I'm just getting the last of them now.
Good.
Uh, Mr. Day?
No, I'm his sound engineer, Roger Hammerstein.
Oh.
Well, I'm Mr. Day's new secretary.
Oh, welcome.
I, um - I hope you enjoy your week with us.
- Week?
We have a rather generous turnover here.
I have seniority right now.
I've been here three weeks.
Oh, how nice for you-- I mean, to have all that security.
Uh, the great man cometh.
Good afternoon, Mr. Day.
The script is a little long.
Mine isn't.
- Miss Hickenlooper.
- Oh.
Yes, Mr. Day?
You played a major seventh chord in our closing theme last night.
Oh, it was a hangnail, Mr. Day.
I promise it won't happen again.
It had better not.
We still have those Gaylord Carter albums, you know.
- Who is it?
- Hannibal Day.
Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Day.
I didn't hear you come in.
For a sound-effects man, Vasquez, you have a rather pitiful affliction.
- What?
- You don't hear very well, do you?
What?
Mr. Day, I'd like you to meet your new secretary.
- How do you do?
- Does she have a name?
- Helen Blake.
- You sound like a soap opera.
- Has she met everyone, Roger?
- No, she just got here.
Everyone, this is Helen Blake, my new secretary.
Roger Hammerstein you've met.
This is our organist Naomi Hickenlooper, - Frank Ogg, our announcer - Hello.
Windy Vasquez, our sound effects man.
What?
Welcome to our happy family.
No no no no!
At the conclusion of my soliloquy I must have absolute silence!
I want my words to penetrate.
Miss Hickenlooper, in this part of the script, where does it indicate music?
- I didn't play any music.
- Well, I heard something.
-  - What was it?
Day: Hmm.
New shoes.
Well, why don't you get them fixed?
- Who-- - My name is Cochran.
I'm with the FCC.
You are a CONTROL agent, aren't you?
Is this some kind of joke, Mr. Vasquez?
I'm Cochran of the Federal Communications Commission.
You must believe me!
I'm not really hard of hearing.
What?
Speak a little louder.
I pretended to be hard of hearing so I could pick up some information.
- I know who the KAOS agent is.
- Who?
What?
Talk a little louder.
- Who's the KAOS agent?
- You'd never guess it.
Vasquez, wherever you are, there's supposed to be a gunshot here!
Be right there, Mr. Day!
- See you later.
- Quick!
Tell me who the KAOS agent is.
Meet me in the sound booth after the rehearsal.
All right, let's take scene 14 Miss Hickenlooper, I will cue you.
Vasquez, we will begin with footsteps walking on gravel.
Ready?
!
Now wait for your cues, everyone!
"It was a soft spring night as I walked along the trestle".
-  -  Vasquez is dead.
Shall I play something?
What happened?
There's been an accident, Miss Blake.
I think you'd better call the police.
- Oh no.
- How did it happen?
Windy was supposed to jump in this box and make a sound like someone walking on a trestle, but somebody wired the box and filled it with water.
Windy was electrocuted.
There, 99, does that make any sense to you?
No, Chief, but it's so strangely worded, I agree with you.
There must be a code in there somewhere.
Well, this is Cochran's script and that paragraph was circled in the script, which is probably why he was murdered.
If there is a KAOS message in there, we've got to find the code and break it.
Too bad that's not a crossword puzzle.
I'm good at those.
You are, huh?
What's a six-letter word meaning "a boarded-up house"?
- "Shut up"?
- Please.
Now let's try the science of cryptography.
Supposing we use the first word in each sentence?
"Please nobody stock".
Try the second word, Chief.
All right.
"Please to your nature"-- No, that doesn't make any sense either.
Look at the fourth word in the first sentence.
- "CONTROL"?
- 99: Could that refer to us?
Well, let's try it.
Let's see.
That's the fourth word.
Let's underline that and every fourth word.
will destroy kay us" -- KAOS!
"Head quarters stock home"?
Stockholm, Sweden!
"Tomorrow"!
So they know about the raid.
But if this paragraph is read over the air tonight, - KAOS will be alerted!
- All right, 99, we'll make a subtle change in the wording, just enough to throw KAOS off.
Chief: But that radio show must go on tonight as planned.
- Right, Chief.
- Now if we could just find out who wrote this script, we'd find Cochran's killer!
"Closed"!
- What?
- "Closed".
That's also a six-letter word meaning "a boarded up house".
Oh, I'm late.
Am I in trouble?
Of course, but so am I. So is everyone.
- With the police?
!
- No, with Hannibal Day.
He's not too happy with tonight's show.
Oh, I don't understand that at all.
I read that script and I think it's beautifully constructed and very sensitive.
As a matter of fact, I would love to meet that author so I could tell him that myself.
Well, here's your chance.
Ah.
There you are, Miss Blake.
How pleasant to see your smiling face again.
Tell me, did you get those notes?
Uh, what notes are those, Mr. Day?
The notes I've been trying to give you for the past two hours.
We'll discuss your short career in radio later.
At the moment, I'm in dire need of a woman screaming on tonight's show.
- Can you scream?
- Well, I'll certainly give it a try.
Oh, that was splendid.
Can you do that again?
Well, if you can have that mouse run across the floor again.
We're on the air in two minutes.
So we are.
Miss Blake, come with me.
I'll show you where to stand, and when the time comes I'll tell you when to scream.
Mr. Day, I just adore your script.
I understand that you wrote it.
There's someone here you'd better meet-- Vasquez's replacement.
The union sent him over.
- Tut-- Tuttle!
- Huh?
It must be an occupational hazard.
None of them hear well.
This is my former secretary Helen Trent.
Blake.
Max, I didn't know you were backing me up.
Well, after Cochran was murdered, the Chief felt that it was too dangerous for you to handle alone.
Day: Miss Blake!
Max, Hannibal Day wrote the script.
He did?
I just read it.
It's terrible.
Max, he's a murderer.
Oh.
Well, I knew he wasn't a writer.
Hello, out there in radioland.
This is Hannibal Day.
"Yes, it's time for radio's greatest actor, producer, director and writer, the incomparable Hannibal Day.
And tonight's classic thriller 'Death in the Cemetery".
' My name is Spinozo.
The name should sound familiar to you.
I'm the man who lived twice.
It all began the night I died.
It was 3:00 in the morning when the doorbell rang.
I would have gone right back to sleep except the knocking on the door continued.
I finally had to get out of bed because the caller was so insistent.
It was then I realized that there were two callers: one ringing at the front door and one knocking at the back.
I think the place was surrounded.
And then it started to rain.
My first mistake was to stand and fight rather than run.
I-- I knew I was surrounded and to engage in battle would prove fatal.
That's when I picked up the knife - and threw it!
-  Luckily, the knife hit a gun lying on the floor and the gun fired once twice, maybe more.
Then I ran for the door  on my horse.
But I wasn't sure if it would open or not.
Just what I thought-- the door was hopelessly stuck.
-  - But only for a minute.
If it hadn't been for the landlady, I might never have been saved.
- Call it fate -  that caused me to fall through the trapdoor, call it what you will, her scream filled the night!
Due to technical difficulties beyond our control this half-hour program is only 20 minutes long tonight.
Hammerstein!
Tuttle, you shot my engineer.
The name is Smart-- Maxwell Smart.
I'm an agent of CONTROL, and this is my wife, Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
- Your wife?
- I'm also a CONTROL agent.
You mean you've been moonlighting as my secretary?
Not exactly.
You see, I'm on assignment.
I was sent here to uncover a KAOS agent.
And that's him.
He can't be a KAOS agent, he's too good a writer.
You said you thought the script was great.
Then you didn't write it?
I take credit for it, but Hammerstein there was the real author.
Then he got what was coming to him.
And it proves that Hammerstein is the KAOS agent who's been transmitting coded messages overseas.
One thing puzzles me, Tuttle-- or Smart or whatever your name is-- you shot him with a sound-effects pistol.
They're supposed to fire blanks.
That's right, Max.
When did you find out that the pistol fires real bullets?
Perhaps I can explain, 99.
When Max first picked up the gun during the show and was firing all over the place, I was behind a curtain.
{END OF EPISODE 14}{START OF EPISODE 15}
Hello, Scotland Yard.
Chief Inspector Sparrow speaking.
I've had no sign of the American CONTROL agent I was supposed to meet.
Are you sure he was given the correct directions?
Hold on a minute, there's somebody coming.
It may be he.
There'll be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover.
That's not uncommon for this time of the year.
A nightingale sang in Berkeley Square.
You don't find too many of them anymore since they removed the statues.
Oh.
Johnny Doughboy found a rose in Ireland.
- To each his own.
- Now we're getting someplace.
You must be Inspector Sparrow, Scotland Yard.
Don't tell me you're Maxwell Smart of CONTROL.
Of course I'm Maxwell Smart.
Why do you think I've been giving you all those passwords?
How come you didn't acknowledge them?
We don't use old song titles as passwords anymore.
You don't?
What do you use?
Lyrics from Beatles tunes.
Yes.
Well, Inspector, I understand that you're having a little trouble over here.
That's putting it mildly.
Mr. Smart, 12 people have been brutally murdered here in London.
That's why we asked your government to send someone to help us.
Well, you can put your mind at ease, Inspector.
- They've sent you their best man.
-  By the way, Inspector, have you any clues as to the identity of the killer?
Oh, we know who the killer is, Mr. Smart.
- It's Jack the Ripper.
- Jack the Ripper?
Of course.
Jack's little boy.
Jack the Ripper Jr., the son of Jack the Ripper.
No, Mr. Smart.
Jack the Ripper Sr., the original Jack the Ripper.
Inspector, are we talking about the same man?
The man who terrorized London at the turn of the century?
I know what you're thinking.
"How could he possibly be running around today"?
Obviously on very old legs.
The Ripper usually strikes when the city is heavy with fog.
Therefore I don't think he'll strike tonight.
But then again, one can never be too sure when dealing with a deranged killer.
Yes, well, Inspector, I suggest that we start and comb the city.
- Splendid.
We'll start with Hyde Park.
- Oh good, that'll give you a chance - to meet my wife.
- Meet your wife?
- Yes, that's where she is.
- In Hyde Park?
Yes.
She wanted to take a little stroll in Hyde Park.
And I thought that would be a good idea because I didn't want her to come with me.
I thought it might be dangerous.
Mr. Smart, you've placed her in the gravest possible danger.
Eight women were murdered while strolling in Hyde Park.
Well, don't worry, Inspector.
She has a gun.
- Thank heavens for that.
- Yes, as a matter of fact, I just had it fixed for her.
You see, the firing pin was a little loo--  - Max!
- 99, are you all right?
I guess so.
Who is he?
You'll never believe me when I tell you who that is, 99.
You'll think I'm crazy, that I'm stark raving mad.
In a million years you'll never believe who that is.
That's Jack the Ripper.
Oh.
So that's Jack the Ripper.
Inspector Sparrow, I'd like you to meet my wife, Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
How do you do, ma'am?
I wish we could've met under more pleasant circumstances.
Yes, it is rather foggy tonight.
Is this man really Jack the Ripper?
Mrs. Smart, this is not a man.
You mean this is Jacqueline the Ripper?
It's neither a man nor a woman.
It's not even a human being.
- What is it then?
- A wax dummy.
These men were picked up in the Hyde Park area.
All of them have records.
- What do you think, Mr. Smart?
- The man on the end with the mustache.
Anyone with a face as evil as that had to have something to do with Jack the Ripper.
- The chap on the end, you say?
- Yes, definite criminal type.
That's my assistant, Sergeant Poole.
Oh.
He didn't happen to be a criminal before he became a sergeant, did he?
I'm sorry, I don't remember seeing any of these men in Hyde Park tonight.
We must be positive, Mrs. Smart.
Now take a long, hard look.
Nope, their faces are absolutely unfamiliar.
Of course it was very foggy.
Well, we may not have caught the proper fish in our net, - but we did come up with something.
- A candle?
Yes, the chap at the end, the one with the scar, had it on him.
Sergeant Poole, dismiss the others.
Hold the man who had the candle.
Well, at least we know one thing.
- It's pretty obvious.
- What's that, Max?
Well, the man with the scar is definitely a candlemaker.
- No, he's a pickpocket.
- Oh.
A pickpocket who's a candlemaker on the side?
A pickpocket who doesn't believe in electricity?
I can tell you one thing he does believe in: that preposterous code all criminals have of refusing to talk.
Getting information out of these devils is like pulling teeth.
I wish Harold Feinberg were here.
- Who's Harold Feinberg?
- My dentist.
It'd take more than a dentist to get information out of him, Mr. Smart.
I wonder if the methods we use at CONTROL would work here.
I'd like to give it a crack, Inspector.
I think you're wasting your time, but go ahead.
- Will you be all right, 99?
- Oh, I'll be fine, Max.
- We're in Scotland Yard.
- Oh, good.
Long John Silver.
- What?
- He does great impressions.
Name?
I asked you your name, fella.
I said what is your name?
My name is Maxwell Smart.
Mr. Smart.
- His name is Wiggs.
- Huh?
- Wiggs.
- Wiggs.
Yes, I suspected as much.
All right, Biggs, start talking.
You saw how easily I was able to obtain your name.
Now I can just as easily go back over there and get your address and your phone number.
I can keep this up for as long as you can.
Look here, Wiggs, refusing to cooperate with us would seem foolhardy at best.
You know as well as I do there are a number of petty crimes we can attribute to your somewhat dubious talents.
Therefore, cooperating with us would seem most wise.
The inspector's right, Wiggs.
If you don't talk now, it'll be much worse for you later on.
All right.
What do you want to know?
That's better.
All right, Smiggs, this candle which was found in your possession when you were taken into custody is made of wax.
- Now don't deny that.
- Deny what?
That the ruddy thing's made of wax?
lt'd better be.
That's why I pinched it.
- I see.
- So I pinched me a candle.
Yes, but why did you pinch it?
Why did I pinch it?
Because they turned the bleedin' lights out in me digs.
That's why.
Digs, Mr. Smart, is the flat where Wiggs resides.
Huh!
You can call it a flat.
That ain't what I call it.
All right, Diggs, let's get on with it.
I submit that your whole story is a concoction of fabrications, out-and-out lies, half-truths and fibs!
I also submit that this candle was not only taken from Jack the Ripper, but that this candle and Jack the Ripper are both made of wax.
- I did it.
- Did what?
You name it, I did it.
I'll confess to anything so long as I don't have to listen to him.
Ah, Chief Inspector Sparrow.
Come in, come in.
Good morning, Mr. Smart.
I don't suppose you and Mrs. Smart got much sleep after last night's harrowing experience.
Oh, terrible.
Terrible.
One of the worst nights-- tossing, turning, - squirming, screaming for help.
- Poor Mrs. Smart.
No, that was me.
My wife slept like a log.
Good morning, Inspector.
We were just going to have some tea.
Won't you join us?
Oh, that's very kind of you.
It's okay, it came with the room.
I thought this might interest you both.
It's the medical officer's report on our friend from last night.
Of course it's too early yet for a complete autopsy, but-- Mr. Smart, I think you'll find you can't get more than a cup of tea into a cup of tea.
Yes, well, we have plenty.
I'll take care of it, love.
This report substantiates the fact that Jack the Ripper was made of wax.
That sounds so incredible.
Especially when you consider that a wax figure - committed 12 murders.
- Especially when you consider that.
What do you think, Mr. Smart?
Well, Inspector, I have two questions: one, how do you explain the fact that a man made of wax could commit 12 murders?
And two, would you like a cookie?
- No.
- No to what?
That you can't explain how a man made of wax could commit 12 murders - or that you don't want a cookie?
- No to both.
Good, because we don't have any cookies.
However, we did find out one thing.
We ran a check on the three wax museums here in London and came up with a singular discovery-- two of the museums have a Jack the Ripper in their collection, the third one does not.
Now I'd like you both to pose as American tourists and pay a visit to that third museum, find out what you can learn.
What's the name of the museum?
Duval's Cave of Wax.
Inspector's voice: It's a somewhat unorthodox establishment specializing in the grotesque.
Why Raoul Duval gave up a brilliant career as a scientist to turn to this line of work remains a mystery.
Be that as it may, his contemporaries agree that he possesses a genius for wax recreations.
Unfortunately, for some time now he's had an infatuation for the macabre.
And more than one onlooker has been shocked out of his or her wits.
Forgive me, madame.
Forgive me, monsieur.
I didn't mean to frighten you, but every day I must have my little jest with the people who are kind enough to visit my cavern of the living dead.
Well, then you must be Ravel Roual-- Roual-- Ral-- Ravolo-- you must be the genius responsible for all this.
I am the genius, yes.
But my name is Raoul Duval.
- What did I say?
- I do not dare attempt it, monsieur.
It could destroy my speech pattern for months.
Allow me to be your guide.
This is one of my pride and joys.
It's amazing how lifelike they look.
- Hitler and Tojo, eh?
- Oui, monsieur.
There are those who say the Hitler figure is my best work.
Some time ago it disappeared and was missing for a year.
It finally turned up in another wax museum.
- Here in London?
- No, in Argentina.
And now, here.
a big favorite.
Yes, they never fail to elicit oohs and ahs.
Pardon me.
Max: This one looks so darn real you almost expect him to reach out and touch you.
It was rumored he did.
A little boy was making a rather large nuisance of himself and he supposedly booted him in the derrière.
You're a very talented man, Monsieur Duval.
Merci beaucoup, madame.
I have a thought.
Perhaps you would be interested in seeing my waxworks where I create the figures you see around you.
- Oh, may we?
- I do not usually extend this invitation to my customers, but because I feel you-- you understand and appreciate my work!
I think you'll find this very interesting.
How do you like it?
Very impressive.
So this is where you make your wax?
I would not lean too far over the railing, monsieur.
The boiling wax is well over 400°.
I had an apprentice once.
He leaned over too far and fell into the vat.
In seconds he was encased in wax.
- How terrible.
- Did you call a doctor?
- Oh, it was too late for a doctor.
- Well, what did you do?
We sold him to a department store.
There!
You see?
Well, thank you very much, Monsieur Duval.
That was a very enlightening experience.
Don't you think so, Max?
Huh?
Yes, I loved every moment of it.
Well, I hope this is not the last time you will honor me with your presence.
- Something wrong?
- That tableau that you were standing in when you played your little trick on us, where's the figure that was supposed to be in there?
You are most observant, madame.
The key character in this particular tableau required extensive renovation.
Yes, well, unless I miss my guess, that figure would've been - Jack the Ripper?
- Why do you say that?
Well, a solitary woman in the dead of night with a look of horror on her face-- who else could've caused that reaction except Jack the Ripper?
The Werewolf of London, Count Dracula, Bluebeard, Frankenstein's monster.
I mean, besides them.
But you happen to be correct.
This place of honor was occupied by the infamous Jack the Ripper.
Well, thank you very much again.
The pleasure was all mine, madame-- oh, I don't believe you told me your name.
I'm Maxwell Smart and this is my wife, Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
And where are you staying while in London, Mr. Smart?
- At the Royal, uh-- - At the Royal Park Hotel.
- The Royal Park Hotel.
- Oh yes, I know it well.
- Well, "Bonjour, monsieur et madame".
- Bonjour.
"Bonjour" and a good day to you, sir.
Come on, 99.
- Who was that?
- I'm not sure, but they were a little too observant and nosy to suit me.
Seems to me I've seen them somewhere before.
Oh?
Does the name Maxwell Smart mean anything to you?
Smart, Smart.
But of course.
They're CONTROL agents.
I have their pictures in my file at KAOS.
And their presence here can only mean they are onto us.
Not necessarily, Monsieur Auerbach.
Suspicious they are, I grant you.
But aware of what we are doing?
I think not.
Who will you give life to this time?
Another occupant in the chamber of horrors.
Lock the doors.
- It is done.
- Good.
Excellent.
Agent: Tell me, Duval, what would happen if you injected a human with that serum?
Instant death.
Strange, is it not?
To a human being it brings death, - to a wax figure it gives life.
-  For 12 hours, this loathsome creature will roam London, his wax body breathing life, his mind obeying my every command.
Listen closely, my friend.
You will immediately proceed to the Royal Park Hotel to locate Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
Then you will kill them.
Now go.
Go and kill.
And don't come home late!
You know how I worry.
There's no doubt about it, 99, Professor Duval is our man.
But how can you be so sure, Max?
Well, it's really quite simple-- instinct, logic and a lack of suspects.
- Max, aren't you awfully warm?
- Hmm?
Uh, yes.
Well, I'll just open the French windows.
Duval did admit that a Jack the Ripper was missing from his wax museum, but we can't prove anything until we figure out how he can bring a wax figure to life.
Yes, well, if Professor Duval could do that, he'll go down in history.
Or at least in the wax fruit business.
-  - I'll get it.
- Good evening, Mrs. Smart.
- Good evening, Inspector.
Max, the inspector's-- -  -
{END OF EPISODE 15}{START OF EPISODE 16}
Sparrow's voice: In our previous episode yours truly, Chief Inspector Sparrow of Scotland Yard, made the acquaintance of CONTROL Agent Maxwell Smart.
Smart and his charming wife were in London helping us catch a modern-day version of a legendary killer.
-  -  - Max!
- 99, are you all right?
I guess so.
Who is he?
You'll never believe me when I tell you who that is, 99.
In a million years you'll never believe who that is.
That's Jack the Ripper.
Oh.
So that's Jack the Ripper.
Inspector Sparrow, I'd like you to meet my wife, Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
How do you do, ma'am?
I wish we could've met under more pleasant circumstances.
Yes, it is rather foggy tonight.
Is this man really Jack the Ripper?
Mrs. Smart, this is not a man.
You mean this is Jacqueline the Ripper?
It's neither a man nor a woman.
It's not even a human being.
- What is it then?
- A wax dummy.
Sparrow's voice: The only wax museum in London where a Jack the Ripper was no longer on display was Duval's Cave of Wax.
Duval, a genius at creating wax figures, had a sinister reputation.
So it was in his Cave of Wax that we centered our investigation with the Smarts posing as tourists.
They met Raoul Duval himself in a most unexpected manner.
Max!
Forgive me, madame.
Forgive me, monsieur.
I didn't mean to frighten you, but every day I must have my little jest with the people who are kind enough to visit my cavern of the living dead.
Sparrow: Duval not only accepted the Smarts as average tourists, he went so far as to escort them personally through his waxworks.
How do you like it?
Very impressive.
So this is where you make your wax?
I would not lean too far over the railing, monsieur.
The boiling wax is well over 400°.
I had an apprentice once.
He leaned over too far and fell into the vat.
In seconds he was encased in wax.
- How terrible.
- Did you call a doctor?
- Oh, it was too late for a doctor.
- Well, what did you do?
We sold him to a department store.
Sparrow: It wasn't until they discovered where Jack the Ripper used to stand that Duval became suspicious.
- Something wrong?
- That tableau that you were standing in when you played your little trick on us, where's the figure that was supposed to be in there?
You are most observant, madame.
Well, unless I miss my guess, that figure would've been - Jack the Ripper?
- You happen to be correct.
Well, thank you very much again.
The pleasure was all mine, madame-- Oh, I don't believe you told me your name.
I'm Maxwell Smart and this is my wife, Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
And where are you staying while in London, Mr. Smart?
- At the Royal uh - The Royal Park Hotel.
- The Royal Park Hotel.
- Oh yes, I know it well.
- Well, bonjour, monsieur et madame.
- Bonjour.
Bonjour and a good day to you, sir.
Come on, 99.
Does the name Maxwell Smart mean anything to you?
Smart, Smart, Sm  But of course.
They're CONTROL agents.
I have their pictures in my file at KAOS.
And their presence here can only mean they are onto us.
Not necessarily, Monsieur Auerbach.
Suspicious they are, I grant you.
But aware of what we are doing?
I think not.
Who will you give life to this time?
Another occupant in the chamber of horrors.
Lock the doors.
- It is done.
- Good.
Excellent.
Tell me, Duval, what would happen if you injected a human with that serum?
Instant death.
Strange, is it not?
To a human being it brings death; - to a wax figure it gives life.
-  Listen closely, my friend.
You will immediately proceed to the Royal Park Hotel.
You will locate Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell Smart, then you will kill them.
Now go.
Go and kill.
And don't come home late!
You know how I worry.
There's no doubt about it, 99.
Professor Duval is our man.
But how can you be so sure, Max?
Well, it's really quite simple-- instinct, logic and a lack of suspects.
- Max, aren't you awfully warm?
- Hmm?
Uh, yes.
Well, I'll just open the French windows.
Duval did admit that a Jack the Ripper was missing from his wax museum, but we can't prove anything until we figure out how he can bring a wax figure to life.
Yes, well, if Professor Duval could do that, he'd go down in history or at least in the wax-fruit business.
-  - I'll get it.
- Good evening, Mrs. Smart.
- Good evening, Inspector.
Max, the inspector's-- -  -    Max, don't move.
There's a horrible creature behind you.
And you don't want me to move?
What a loathsome creature.
- I wonder what he's doing in here.
- That's it.
I'm going to complain - to the desk right now.
- Complain about what?
I'm going to tell them that one of their hippie guests got bombed out of his head, came into our room and scared us half to death.
Certainly you don't think this is a guest of the hotel!
This is a werewolf!
A werewolf?
Yes, and what desk clerk in his right mind would check a werewolf into a hotel?
Okay, Inspector Sparrow, let me ask you a question: What desk clerk in his right mind would refuse him?
Another wax figure.
First Jack the Ripper, who terrorized London at the turn of the century, and now the Werewolf.
Who'll be next to drive the women of England mad?
Engelbert Humperdinck?
Max!
I knew I'd seen him somewhere before.
- Where?
- Duval's Cave of Wax!
Then this definitely means that Duval has a way to bring his wax figures to life.
It also means that he suspects us and he sent this creature here to kill us.
- It means one other thing, 99.
- What?
We're leaving for the United States immediately.
- Oh, Max.
- I'm sorry, Inspector Sparrow, but I cannot allow my wife to be exposed to this kind of danger-- Wait.
I have a plan which will help us get the proof we need to convict Professor Duval without endangering Mrs. Smart in the slightest.
What plan?
This is all very well and good, Inspector, but there's one part of your plan that I don't like.
Then let's run over it one more time.
Now we know at this very moment Raoul Duval is ordering dinner - at a French restaurant in Chelsea.
- That part I like.
That has enabled us to make our way in here and have you switch places with the wax Hitler.
That part I like.
Having infiltrated into Duval's Cave of Wax, sooner or later you'll overhear his incredible secret, at which point we'll rush in and take him into custody.
That part I'm crazy about.
Unless of course he discovers who you are and kills you.
That's the part I don't like.
I'm sure with a bit of luck you'll pull it through, Smart.
Poole, remove the dummy.
The other dummy.
Sorry about that.
I should like to say one thing before I go, Mr. Smart.
You're about to risk your life, and only a brave man would do that.
In my lifetime, I've only known one other such man with your courage: Superintendent George Connors.
Was he with the Yard before he, uh - Before he what?
- Died?
Oh, Connors isn't dead, though he might just as well be, to have to go through something like that four times.
- Torture?
- Marriage.
Yes.
Well, look, Inspector in case we're not able to pull this off, I'd like you to give a message to 99.
Nonsense, I won't hear such rubbish.
You'll pull it off.
You'll see.
Now, is there anything I can do for you before I go?
Uh, no, not unless you happen to be a locksmith.
- What have you done?
- Well, it seems to me that I have this hand locked up in these handcuffs.
How on earth could you do a thing like that?
Mr. Smart, if you'll just hold on one minute, please.
Now look what you've done.
If Duval catches us like this, the game's up.
Not necessarily, Inspector.
There is one way that we could stay handcuffed together and still complete the mission without Duval knowing about it.
- You have a plan?
- No, but I was hoping that you did.
- Where did you find these handcuffs?
- In this drawer.
Well, there must be a key in here or something.
Nothing.
We'll have to find a hacksaw around here or something and cut our way out of these.
Duval must be halfway through his dinner by now.
We've got to find a way of delaying him.
I know how we can delay him.
- He's French.
- Of course-- postcards!
No no no  - Look for the postcards?
- No no, a woman.
We've got to get a woman over in that restaurant right away.
A woman with postcards?
No no no, a woman to detain Duval!
What are you doing?
I'm looking for Eva Braun's phone number.
Ah.
Merci.
You dropped this, madame.
Did I?
Oh, thank you very much.
Would you mind if I joined you?
- A glass of wine?
- Oh, I'd just love that.
- A glass of wine.
- A bottle.
A bottle of wine-- your best Burgundy.
- Imported.
- Of course.
- From California.
- From Ca-- as the lady wishes.
Is there something wrong?
- I have seen you before.
- You have?
It's a thing with me.
I never forget a face.
- Now I know who you are.
- Who?
- Helen of Troy.
- Who?
Helen of Troy, the Greek beauty who was abducted by-by-by-- but you must think me a madman.
Allow me to explain.
I am Raoul Duval.
I create wax figures, historical and otherwise.
Oh, I've heard about you.
You're supposed to be a great genius.
- That is true.
-  Oh yes.
Fresno?
- Uh, I'd like to see a menu, please.
- Menu?
Well, I never drink without eating something.
But, chérie, it is very late and there is much I have to do yet tonight.
Please, just a little green salad.
Well, in that case I'll have some Roquefort dressing on the salad, please, and then I think I'll have some escargot and then frogs' legs with some cordon bleu.
And then for dessert I think I'll have some mousse au chocolat and then some coffee to follow that.
You know, café au lait or something like that.
- And then, let's see-- - When will I learn never to pick up a strange tablecloth?
You are late.
I know.
I had dinner twice.
Any sign of my werewolf?
No, and nothing in the newspapers about the Smarts being murdered at the Royal Park Hotel last night.
Then we must take it for granted that he failed his mission.
- We must send a replacement.
- Fine, but who?
I am not sure.
Of course!
The perfect candidate-- Hitler!
Do you not find it deliciously ironic, Monsieur Auerbach?
How do you mean?
Hitler will be able to do something he could never do before-- walk around London.
Heil, Hitler!
What are you doing, you fool?
He'll get away!
-  - That is Maxwell Smart!
Idiot!
- I'll phone for help!
- No no no no no no no, stay here.
We don't need any help.
We have all the help we need.
First I will inject our friend here and then all the rest.
I think we'd have better luck finding Mr. Smart if we looked for him in the park.
What do you mean look for him in the park?
Why should we do that?
Well, they got hot dogs there and peanuts and popcorn and apples with sticky stuff all over them.
Why don't you concentrate on what Professor Duval asked us to do and stop thinking about your stomach?
Well, you don't have to yell at me.
I can't help it if I'm hungry.
All I had this morning was eggs over greasy.
I didn't even put any salt and pepper on them.
And now you're yelling and I'm trying to go to the park and there's a whole lot of the-- and I-- I didn't--   There, I think I feel better now.
Here's your hankie back.
- Now, are you ready?
- I certainly am.
- Say, I've got a good idea.
- What?
Well, why don't we ask him where Mr. Smart is?
Say, that's a good idea.
Pardon me, Mr. Hitler, but we're looking for a gentleman named Mr. Smart.
Have you seen him?
Oh, thank you very much, kind sir.
Well, just don't stand there.
Let's get going.
"Eggs over greasy".
Give my best to the missus.
I don't know if you're aware of it, my boy, but you're being pursued.
The entrepreneur of this establishment, a French-fried potato enthusiast, - desires your immediate demise.
- Eh?
He'd like to see you stretched out colder than a mother-in-law's heart.
What would it take for you to pretend you didn't see me?
A decanter of daiquiris I believe would do.
And that would make you pretend you didn't see me?
- I won't be able to see you.
- Okay, it's a deal.
There's a telephone over there behind those boxes.
Call the nearest spirit dispensary, and I'll go fetch the ice.
-  -  -  - Maybe that's he.
- Hello?
- Hello, 99.
It's me, Max.
Oh, Max!
Thank heavens!
- Are you all right?
- Yes, but I can't talk long.
Max, are you there?
Max!
Max, are you all right?
Hello?
Hello?
Why not just kill him and get it over with?
Scotland Yard will be here any minute.
Forgive me, but I have a sense of the theatrical.
I will inject the executioner here.
In 15 seconds he will come to life, pick up this ax then Mr. Smart will fall into the boiling wax!
You'll never get away with it, Duval!
They'll find you no matter where you go!
I think not, because in one hour I will be aboard a plane to the Riviera, from there to Majorca, then to Rome, Athens, to Hong Kong, Tahiti, Bora Bora!
You see?
For the rest of your life you'll be on the run.
You will do exactly what I tell you.
As soon as you feel life coursing through your body, you will pick up this ax, and sever the rope from which Mr. Smart is suspended.
We go.
Au revoir.
Oh!
Oh no!
Max!
I'm right here, 99!
Max!
Thank heavens!
- Are you all right?
- Yes, I'm fine.
What happened to Auerbach and Duval?
Sparrow and his men caught them trying to get away.
- I've got to untie you.
- Thank you, 99.
Max, how long do you think it'll take the injections to wear off the wax figures?
I don't know, about an hour or two.
Why?
Oh.
Well, it makes me kind of sad.
They're having such a good time, I hate to see the party end.
Party?
What party?
WC Fields: Your party, mine host!
{END OF EPISODE 16}{START OF EPISODE 17}
- Yes, sir.
- Oh, Stewardess, how come I'm the only passenger on this plane?
Oh, I hadn't noticed.
You hadn't noticed?
Well, I was so busy making your dinner.
I don't understand how this airline can stay in business when they only carry one passenger.
We don't show movies.
- Now, if you'll excuse me, sir-- - Just a minute.
- One more question.
- Could you make it quick?
- I don't wanna burn your Eggs Benedict.
- Yes.
We've been flying for five hours-- how come it's taking so long?
I mean, the trip from Chicago to Washington is only supposed to take two hours.
We're flying in a holding pattern, sir.
- Over Washington?
- Over Chicago.
CONTROL, this is The Chief.
Hello?
Larrabee, I think Max is calling on the balloon phone.
Will you bring one in here right away?
Right, Chief.
Here you are, Chief.
Larrabee, never mind.
Hook the call into my regular phone.
Right, Chief.
- He's on, Chief.
Go ahead.
- Thank you, Larrabee.
Is everything all right, Max?
Chief, I'm a little worried.
There's something strange going on here.
I'm the only passenger on this flight.
I don't like the sound of that.
I'm not too crazy about it myself, Chief.
Fortunately, the package is safe.
Right, Chief.
It's in my suitcase.
No, Max, that package is a decoy.
The real package is hidden in the luggage compartment under the plane.
Remember, no matter what happens, KAOS must not get their hands on it.
Is it that important, Chief?
Max, for some time now we've known that an enemy spy satellite has been taking pictures of our spy satellite.
Now, that package contains film that our spy satellite took of their spy satellite taking pictures of our spy satellite.
What am I supposed to do with this package when the plane lands in Washington?
Rush it to headquarters.
We've got to get that film into the CONTROL lab so it can be developed immediately.
Chief, I've got a better idea-- I'll drop it off at the corner drugstore next to my house.
- Why is that a better idea?
- You get a free roll of film.
Captain, Maxwell Smart is starting to ask questions.
Yeah, but if I get rid of him now, what about the package?
You're right.
It must be in his luggage.
I'll take care of him immediately.
Remember, Max, if there's any danger, pull the red handle under the window.
That will jettison the package out of the baggage compartment, and it will parachute safely to earth.
All right, Mr. Smart.
You have a choice-- either you hand over the package or I get the Eggs Benedict?
Or you die.
That's not much of a choice-- either way I lose.
Put your hands up.
- Chief: Max, are you all right?
- I'm fine, Chief.
Max, I don't want you to take any more chances.
Pull that red handle right now.
I pulled that red handle hours ago, Chief.
- Why did you do that?
- I thought it was the emergency door.
Why would you wanna open the emergency door while the plane's in flight?
Because it was an emergency, Chief-- the door to the men's room was locked.
It's starting to come through now, 99.
Chief, shouldn't the lights be out when you develop a negative?
Ordinarily yes, but this is CONTROL's new reverse film.
It was invented by our lab technicians to avoid accidents, like people coming into the lab unexpectedly and turning on the lights and ruining important negatives.
Oh, reverse film-- in other words it can stand the light, - but it can't stand the darkness.
- Exactly.
Oh hi, 99, Chief.
What are you doing?
Developing a negative.
Oh, I'd better turn the light off.
Max, turn the light on again.
You know what you just did?
- I just turned the light on.
- Before that.
- I turned it off.
- Take a look at this negative.
Oh.
Did you take that picture, Chief?
You made a terrible mistake.
You broke one of the first rules of photography.
- What's that, Max?
- He held his thumb over the lens.
That's a big mistake, Chief.
No, Max, that wasn't my big mistake.
My big mistake was in hiring you.
Oh, I meant besides that, Chief.
Chief: Max, that photograph was taken by aerial reconnaissance of the area where you ejected the package from the plane last night.
Reconnaissance spotted the package on the roof of an old house in a remote area, Max, and they took a picture of it.
Oh Gee, that's great, Chief.
I'd love to see that picture.
- You're looking at it.
- Oh.
Chief, that pilot failed the basic rules of aerial photography.
- What's that, Max?
- You should never allow the propeller to get in front of the lens.
Fortunately the pilot knew the area very well.
The package landed on the roof of the only house within a radius of 50 miles.
But, Chief, if we know where the package is, why don't we walk up to the house, ring the doorbell, say something of ours is on the roof and ask permission to get it?
You will never get into the house that way.
- Why not?
- Because Hester Van Hooten rules that mansion with an iron hand.
She hasn't let a visitor in there in the past 20 years.
- You and Max will be the first.
- The first what?
- Visitors.
- But I don't understand, Chief.
If she hasn't let any visitors in there in 20 years, how are we gonna get in?
- We have a plan for you.
- What is it, Chief?
We've arranged for a storm to hit the area.
You've arranged for a storm?
You know, Max, a storm, with the rain and thunder and lightning and-- you've arranged for a storm, Chief?
Yes, 99, our control scientists have developed a process where, by salting the clouds, we can produce rain in any designated area.
That's fantastic, Chief.
When the world hears about this-- The world is not going to hear about this.
That's what I say.
The world will never hear about this.
This has got to be one of CONTROL's most closely guarded secrets.
Most closely guarded secrets that CONTROL-- why?
We don't want the price of salt to go up.
But how is the storm going to get us into Van Hooten's house?
and you and Max as weary lost travelers whose car has broken down, nobody will be able to turn you away.
- You can't come in.
Go away.
-  Max, what are we going to do?
We can't just stand out here in the rain.
- I know one thing we're going to do.
- What?
Take it easy on the salt!
No, Max.
How are we going to get in the house?
I've got it, 99.
Why didn't I think of it before?
- What?
- We don't want to get in the house.
We want to get up on top of the roof and get the package.
- So?
- So instead of asking for food and shelter, why don't we just ask for a ladder?
Ah, Max, they're not going to give a ladder to a strange couple.
They will if we say we're eloping.
But we're both out here.
I didn't say together.
- Mrs. Van Hooten?
-  Who was it, Hogarth?
Two lost and weary travelers whose car broke down in the storm.
What did they want?
Food and shelter.
I turned them away.
Well done, Hogarth.
Thank you, Madam.
- And, Hogarth?
- Yes, ma'am.
First thing in the morning, let's get rid of that welcome mat out front.
Try again, Max.
- Let them in, Hogarth.
- But madam, you said-- Let them in.
Yes, madam.
You must forgive, Hogarth.
He's inconsiderate, and he never did have a very good memory.
Hogarth?
Take them to the west room.
Give them dry clothes.
Oh, well, that's very kind of you.
I'd like to introduce myself.
I'm Maxwell Smart, and this is my wife-- Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
I'm Hester Van Hooten.
This is my husband Jason.
Hello.
You're welcome in my house.
Dinner will be in an hour.
Oh, good.
What are we having?
- Max.
- Huh?
Oh.
This way, please.
Why did you let them in?
Didn't you see her face?
Well, no.
It was dark in there and I couldn't.
Why?
It was the face of my sister Rebecca.
Rebecca?
That's ridiculous.
I buried her Nevertheless, she's back.
Well, we'll have to do something about that.
They must never learn the secret of this house.
Tonight, when they're both asleep, let's let Sebastian out of his room.
No!
You know my orders.
Sebastian never leaves his attic except on Christmas morning.
After we've opened our gifts, he gets to eat the tree.
The wine, Mrs. Van Hooten.
Thank you, Hogarth.
Which one contains the poison?
The decanter on the left.
Or is it the one on the right?
No, I believe it's the one on the left.
What do you have against Jason?
Nothing, Mrs. Van Hooten.
Sometimes I wonder.
Jason, taste the wine.
Hester, do I have to?
Wine always keeps me awake.
Only if you're lucky.
Now taste it.
As you wish.
Hester, if this should just happen to be my last glass of wine, would you please take good care of my pet hawk?
I already did.
Good evening, everybody.
My wife will be down in a minute.
- Splendid.
Won't you please sit down?
- Oh, thank you.
May I offer you a glass of wine?
Thank you.
Say, that really looks delicious.
What is that, pheasant?
No, but it once killed a pheasant.
And a cow.
To your health, Mr. Smart.
Eh?
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Oh, I'm awfully sorry it took me so long.
I found this dress in the closet, Mrs. Van Hooten.
I hope you don't mind my putting it on.
Why are they all staring at me?
Take a look at the portrait, 99.
That was my sister Rebecca.
She left us She's very lovely.
You're the very image of her, my dear.
Oh, well, thank you, very much.
Yes, as matter of fact, you do look quite a bit like her, 99.
Did you call her, 99?
- Yes, I did.
- May I ask why?
I don't know her name.
Hogarth?
Oh, where is he?
Oh, he's probably lurking in the shadows again.
- Ma'am?
- Hogarth Pour Rebecca-- I mean Mrs. Smart-- a glass of wine.
Yes, ma'am.
What a lovely old house you have, Mrs. Van Hooten.
Thank you.
We bought it in spite of the curse.
What curse?
Legend has it that those who dwell in this house never know what it is to love.
I loved my hawk.
His hawk once killed a cow, you know.
Oh, I couldn't.
Well, maybe a little with my spaghetti.
That will be all, Hogarth.
A toast to our guests.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
I'll get it, 99.
to leave the table, go up on the roof and get the package.
- Right, Max.
- Now, while I'm gone, I don't want you to drink any of the wine - or eat any of the food.
- Why not?
Because I think they put something in the wine.
How can you tell?
-  -  What was that?
Probably the wine steward.
Mr. Smart, take the candelabra and follow me.
Come, Jason.
Jason: Is he dead?
Yes, but there are no marks on him.
It looks like he died of fright.
Either that or some other natural cause.
Sebastian.
Don't tell me he's loose.
He's loose.
I asked you not to tell me that.
Well, somebody removed all the distributor caps from the cars and cut the telephone wires.
- Jason: Sebastian.
- Who is Sebastian?
he met Rebecca and fell in love with her.
They married and he brought her to this house.
On the night of their wedding, she died mysteriously after drinking a glass of wine.
Sebastian refused to believe she was dead, and accused us of trying to take her away from him.
So we locked him in the attic.
And he's been there for 20 years?
And now he's loose somewhere in this house.
He's obviously mad.
Max: Well, I guess so.
I remember once when my brother locked me in the closet for three hours.
I was so mad at him, I didn't speak to him for a week.
Mr. Smart, Sebastian broke out of that attic because he knows Rebecca is back.
Mrs. Van Hooten, I know that I resemble your sister, but believe me, I'm not Rebecca.
You are Rebecca.
I knew it the moment I saw you in the doorway.
But that's impossible.
You said yourself that she's been dead for 20 years.
That's true.
I buried you myself in the basement.
Max: You see, 99-- you buried her yourself?
Jason's very handy around the house.
Why did you come back?
Mrs. Van Hooten, please believe me-- I'm not your sister.
Silence.
Don't talk back to me, Rebecca.
Mother isn't here to take your side anymore.
She always did like you best.
You had the nicest bedroom in the house, the loveliest clothes and all the boyfriends.
When mother gave a party, it was for you.
I stood against the wall and watched you dance the whole night through.
You had the handsomest men-- Bruce Rayburn, Clive Montague, Cedric Cedarhurst and then Sebastian-- and look what I ended up with.
Well, if that's how you felt about me, why did you propose?
Silence.
If all this is true, Mrs. Van Hooten, I'm afraid you're in a great deal of trouble.
I'm going to have to place you under arrest for the murder of your sister Rebecca.
And my pet hawk.
I didn't kill you, Rebecca.
- It was him.
-  -  - I saw it happen.
It was a long time ago, but I remember it clearly.
It was a night like this-- lightning, thunder.
It was almost midnight and I was taking a casual stroll in the garden.
And then I heard you talking Sebastian: Rebecca, I must know-- am I the first man you've ever kissed?
Rebecca: Of course you are, darling.
Why do you men always ask such silly questions?
And then the clock struck 12:00.
Sebastian.
Max, how terrible.
Yes, I guess he just couldn't adjust to the outside world.
Chief: Open up in there.
We're government agents.
It's the Chief, 99.
Let him in.
- I'll watch these two.
- Right, Max.
All right, come on, you two.
Chief, what are you doing here?
When I didn't hear from you, I figured something had gone wrong.
- Is Max all right?
- Yes, but I don't know for how long.
Everyone in this house is a little weird.
- Hi, Chief.
- Hi, Max.
- Chief: Who's that?
- Max: His name's Sebastian.
- What's he doing in the clock?
- He's dead.
That's no place to put a dead man, Max.
I didn't put him there, Larrabee.
A man in that condition belongs at home with his family.
- Max, did you get the package?
- I didn't have time.
If rigor mortis sets in, he could break the clock.
So many weird things have been happening in this house-- - bodies turning up all over the place.
- Besides, it's unsanitary.
Larrabee, get up on the roof and get the package.
Right, Chief.
Sorry about your clock, lady.
Max, would you mind telling me what's been going on?
It's a little involved, Chief, but I think I have it solved.
- There's another one up here, Chief.
- Chief: Who's that Max?
That's Hogarth, the butler.
- Larrabee: Shall I bring him down?
- Why, Larrabee?
If somebody didn't see him, they could trip and break their neck.
What do you suggest we do with him?
You got another clock, lady?
Chief: Larrabee, get the package.
- Are there any more, Max?
- Not that I know of, Chief.
Well, who killed them?
Well, Chief, the case was fairly simple.
You see, the suspects had clear-cut motives.
Hester Van Hooten she hated her sister Rebecca and she was in love with Sebastian.
So she became half crazy with jealousy when they were married.
She poisoned Rebecca and had Jason bury her body in the cellar.
Max: Then Hogarth probably saw the whole thing, so she had to get rid of him.
Then she busted down the door to the attic, shot Sebastian, dragged his body down here and stuffed it into the bottom of the grandfather clock.
It was an open-and-shut case, Chief-- except for one thing.
There was Jason.
You needed money, and you needed it badly.
So you poisoned Rebecca and buried her in the cellar of the house.
You were the only one who had a key to the attic.
You were the only one who knew the secret of the grandfather clock.
You were the only one who could have strangled Hogarth and still had enough strength to drag Sebastian downstairs, stuff him into the clock in 28 seconds flat.
This, plus the fact that you never shaved led me to believe that you were wearing a mask.
But I wasn't really sure until tonight, when you wound the spaghetti from left to right.
Well, there you have it, Chief.
- Have what?
- Eh?
Yes, well, I knew that one of them was a murderer, but I didn't know which one, Chief.
You see, there was something that puzzled me.
One of the pieces of this jigsaw didn't fit.
And then, suddenly it came to me in a flash and I realized that neither one of them was guilty.
When did you realize that?
Just now, Chief, when I looked up and saw Hogarth standing there with a gun in his hand.
Don't anybody move.
Yes, it was me.
I hated Rebecca and I hated Hester.
And as you can see, I wasn't too crazy about Sebastian either.
And as for Jason, he's a thief, a liar and a blackmailer.
But he's my brother and I'm proud of him.
They all laughed at me-- the way I walked and the way I talked.
They looked down on me because I was tall.
"How's the weather up there, Hogarth"?
"You get a nosebleed when you walk across a thick carpet"?
And they ordered me about.
"Do this, Hogarth.
Do that, Hogarth".
I swore that someday I'd pay them back.
And now that day has come.
-  -  Larrabee, are you all right?
I'm okay, Max.
What happened?
You tripped over Hogarth and fell down the stairs.
I told you we should have put him in the clock, Chief.
{END OF EPISODE 17}{START OF EPISODE 18}
All right, Larrabee, you and the others can go back to headquarters now.
Right, Chief.
Where have you two been?
Max got lost and we followed the wrong funeral, Chief.
Max: Where's Randolph?
This is nothing compared to the funeral we just came from.
How did Randolph die, Chief?
It's a strange accident, Max.
What was strange about it?
Randolph was discovered in his bathtub-- drowned.
Well, there's nothing strange about that.
A lot of people drown while they're taking a bath.
Randolph was taking a shower.
Then take Agent Willoughby-- you certainly couldn't say he died in a normal manner.
I thought Willoughby fell out of a plane.
He did.
The plane hadn't left the ground yet.
You see, Max, even though Willoughby died from a fall from a plane, he only fell 10 feet.
Explain that if you can.
How tall was Willoughby?
What's that got to do with it?
Well, it has a lot to do with it.
If Willoughby was short-- say, 3'7"-- then 10 feet would be a lot longer to fall than if he was 6'4"-- give or take a foot.
From Willoughby's height or from the fall?
- That's enough.
- From the fall.
At any rate, I don't like what's going on.
You'd almost think someone had a vendetta going against CONTROL agents.
Have you ever considered the possibility that this whole thing might be a coincidence, Chief?
Max is right, Chief.
Even though two agents have met with bizarre accidents, it could be a coincidence.
I suppose there is a possibility.
On the other hand, I don't think so, Chief.
- Why do you say that?
- Look.
CONTROL agents.
Mr. Weems is expecting you.
Mr. Weems?
Oh, be right there.
Boy, oh boy.
Sunbathers on the roof?
No, this is for viewing color slides.
My wife just got back from the Grand Canyon.
I wish she had fallen in.
We're from CONTROL.
I'm The Chief and this is Maxwell Smart.
Sit down, gentlemen.
Now according to your message, you have information pertinent to the death of CONTROL Agent Randolph.
Yes, I do.
My wife likes me to have a little snack before I go to work.
She thinks I'm skinny.
Care for a hard-boiled egg?
How about a Ramos Fizz?
Mr. Weems, if we could get to the matter at hand.
Yes, of course.
Ah, yes.
Tarpaulin Insurance had a $50,000 insurance policy on Agent Randolph.
Now, do you know what that means to me?
A trip to Hawaii?
It means a thorough investigation-- and a trip to Hawaii after that.
Are you suggesting that Agent Randolph was murdered for his insurance money?
Yes, are you suggesting that Agent Randolph was murdered for his insurance money?
- No.
- No, he's not suggesting that.
And I'll tell you why.
I know, Max.
He's gonna tell us why.
Agent Randolph was raised by an orphanage in Bayonne, New Jersey.
He made that orphanage his beneficiary.
Of course!
Some rotten kid in that orphanage murdered him for his money.
No, he wasn't murdered by anybody from the orphanage, but he was murdered.
How can you be so positive?
Yes, how can you be so positive?
Do either of you recognize this?
Oh, for crying out loud.
This is the baseball team I coached when I was an instructor at the CONTROL training school.
Well, for heaven's sake.
Which one is you, Chief?
- Right there.
- The one with the black baseball cap.
That's not a black baseball cap, that's my hair!
Oh, really?
How come it's got an initial on it?
And who's the good-looking guy standing next to you?
I don't see any good-looking guy standing next to me.
That's me, Chief.
- There's Willoughby and Carmichael-- - And poor old Randolph.
And Foster and Kinkaid and Lynch and Listenger.
You're right.
Where'd you get this picture?
Among Randolph's effects.
I believe he was murdered because of that photograph.
What do you think?
Well, Chief, I would have used a wider lens, - but I don't see-- - Randolph didn't take that picture!
Randolph didn't take that picture!
- Who did?
- It doesn't matter who did, Mr. Smart.
The point is Randolph was killed because he was in that picture.
As a matter of fact, six of those men have already been murdered.
You see?
Mm-hmm!
You see?
Max, he's right!
Willoughby, Carmichael, Randolph-- - all those men are dead!
- Except three-- yourself, Mr. Smart and Adrian Listenger.
Listenger is the only man on that baseball team who failed to become a CONTROL agent.
Yeah, but he succeeded in becoming something else.
- What was that?
- A really great murderer.
Really, a top-notch murderer.
One of the great murderers of all time, which really-- he was not an ordinary murderer.
He was a murderer's murderer, I would say.
You know, not one you'd meet every day at the store.
Max, it just sounds so incredible.
- What does?
- The story about Adrian Listenger.
Yes, well, that's Ace Weems' theory.
You see, Listenger was caught cheating on his final exams and was discharged from the CONTROL academy.
- He swore to get even with everybody.
- But why?
Well, one of the men on the team turned him in.
- Which one?
- We never found that out, 99.
Whoever it was refused to step forward and admit it.
So in order to get revenge on one man, he's gonna kill you all.
Yes, and all in vain-- he never would have passed the examination anyway.
- How do you know?
- He was copying off my paper.
Max!
This must explain your name on the tombstone.
He probably put it there to warn you that your turn's next.
Oh, Max, I'm scared!
There, there, 99.
There's nothing to be frightened about.
- You know who's out looking for him?
- Who?
The FBI, CIA, Interpol, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, - and Mrs. Listenger.
- Mrs. Listenger?
Yes, he owes her back alimony.
I hope they get him before she does.
She'll kill him.
Max, how can you be so casual?
You've been marked for death.
like this before, time and time again.
I just learn to live with it.
Max, that was someone at the door!
You may have killed them!
Who is it?
- Who is it?
- It's The Chief.
- Is it safe?
- Oh, come on in, Chief.
I'm awfully sorry.
I guess I'm a little jumpy.
That's quite all right, Max.
I know exactly how you feel.
Don't forget Listenger's after me too.
About a half an hour ago somebody rang my doorbell and I reacted exactly the same way you did.
- What brings you here, Chief?
- I just received this telegram.
Ace Weems is at the Senator Hotel, and he wants us to meet him there as soon as possible.
- Let's go.
- Where's the Senator Hotel, Chief?
Right in downtown Washington.
Weems got hold of the hotel registry, and I'll give you two guesses as to who is registered there.
- I'll be back in a little while, 99.
- All right.
Two guesses, eh?
- The Vice-President?
- Adrian Listenger.
What did you tell me for?
I still had one more guess coming.
- Find anything?
- Nothing!
Not a thing!
There must be something around here that'll give us a lead.
Don't overlook a thing, Max, even if it's only a matchbook cover.
A matchbook cover?
Well, why didn't you say so, Chief?
Let's go through those.
Maybe I'll find a restaurant he frequents.
- Good idea, Ace.
- How did you get the nickname Ace?
Well, I used to play poker with three other guys.
We all wound up giving ourselves names after the cards-- names like "King Garrity," "Jack Palermo".
You took the name Ace?
Yeah, it was either that or "Queen".
Did you find anything?
Nothing.
They're all different.
Two hours of this and we haven't come up with a thing.
Well, at least it gives us an insight into Listenger's character-- he's a man who's very careful about leaving evidence lying around.
Yes, and he's not very superstitious either.
What makes you say that?
Look at that mirror.
Listenger left this mirror on the wall and it's broken, and that means seven years bad luck.
- That's it!
- That's what?
Listenger's list!
The first six names are crossed off.
The first six names are dead men.
I told you it was bad luck.
Wait a minute.
Listenger's name's on that list too.
Yeah, it's before either of yours too.
- You know what that means?
- Of course!
- What does that mean, Chief?
- What it means is-- Don't tell me, Chief.
Let me guess.
Listenger is gonna kill himself first, and then he's gonna kill you and me.
- Don't move.
- Get in here.
Get your hands up.
All right, you're under arrest, Listenger!
I'm not Listenger.
My name is Tuttle.
You expect me to believe that?
Well, it's true.
I'm the manager of this hotel.
I don't believe that either.
Who is he?
- Name is-- - Don't tell me.
Let me guess.
His name is Tuttle and he is the manager of the hotel.
That's right.
I could have told you that, Chief.
The night clerk downstairs told me he let you fellas in, but if you're looking for Mr. Listenger, you're about a week too late.
- Skipped town, eh?
- No, we buried him this morning.
Well, that must mean he's dead, Chief.
Please accept my apologies, Mr. Tuttle.
We're on a very important case, and sometimes we act a little too hastily.
Oh, that's all right.
The authorities are in and out of here all the time.
If you fellas have any other questions, I'll be downstairs at the desk.
Chief: Thank you, Mr. Tuttle.
What did you do that for?
Listenger's no longer alive.
That's right, Chief.
You and I are the only ones left on the list.
That's right, Max.
You and I are the only ones on the list.
Then one of you has to be the murderer.
That's ridiculous.
Max is like a son to me.
More than that, The Chief is like a father to me.
Well, the facts don't lie.
You subtract seven from nine, you get two-- - and eventually one.
- You don't know us very well, but to even consider that Max or I would murder each other, let alone seven other CONTROL agents!
We've worked on hundreds of cases together with ample opportunity to knock each other off anytime we wanted to.
Why would we wait until now?
You're at the bottom of the list.
Now, look, I may be just an insurance man, but I think I can look at this situation with far more objectivity.
I refuse to entertain the idea.
Besides, all the facts aren't in.
Well, let's get a bite to eat and we'll look at it further, okay?
- After you, Chief.
- Go ahead, Max.
- I'll close the door.
- It's all right, Chief.
I'll close it.
Are you afraid to have me behind you?
Of course not.
Max, I'm not leaving this room unless you go first.
And I'm not leaving unless you go first.
But this is ridiculous!
We're acting like we don't even trust each other.
- We'll both go out at the same time.
- Okay.
- All right.
Go ahead, Max.
- You start, I'll follow.
Max, if we're both gonna leave at the same time, one of us has to make a move.
You're right, Chief.
You make it.
I'm not gonna make a move unless you do.
Then I'm not gonna make it if you're not gonna make it.
Yeah, this is room 312.
Send up some coffee and sandwiches, please, and an extra cot.
When did you last see The Chief, Max?
Oh, last night in Listenger's hotel room.
I left by the door and The Chief went down the fire escape.
Did either of you say anything to each other?
No, we didn't want to wake Ace Weems.
Max, you realize that this is some kind of diabolical plan.
Someone worked very hard to get things to work out like this, but there's one thing he didn't count on.
- What's that?
- Your high regard, your warm feelings and your deep respect.
You're right, 99.
- For who?
- The Chief!
Oh, him.
Larrabee, I'm going down to the lab.
If anybody wants me, you know where I'll be.
- Where's that, Chief?
- I just told you, down at the lab.
Don't forget about your lunch date with Max.
- What lunch date with Max?
- He called in about an hour ago.
Didn't you see the message?
I left it on your desk.
Are you sure?
Oh, here it is.
I left it on my desk.
You know, all desks look alike.
- Larrabee.
- I can't tell one desk from the other.
It's a good thing our desks are in different rooms, otherwise you'd really be in trouble.
Larrabee, I am in trouble.
What's the message?
Oh, well, Max wants to buy your lunch.
You're to meet him at the Twin Oaks restaurant out on Highway 9 at 12:30.
I'll be down at the lab about an hour.
You get a message to Max and tell him I'll meet him there at 1:00.
Right, Chief.
Max?
Larrabee.
The Chief says he'll meet you at 1:00 for lunch at the Twin Oaks restaurant on Highway 9.
Thank you, Larrabee.
Goodbye.
What's that all about, Max?
Well, it seems that The Chief is a little ashamed of his actions last night.
He wants me to meet him for lunch this afternoon at 1:00.
Isn't that lovely?
Where are you gonna meet him?
I don't know.
Some little place out on Highway 9-- a restaurant called "The Twin Oaks".
Twin Oaks?
I don't know it.
Yes, well, it's probably some sophisticated little hideaway spot.
I hope the food is good.
Chief?
Chief?
- Hello, Max.
- Chief?
Well, I guess this is the showdown.
I guess so, Max.
I've done a lot of thinking, and I've come to the conclusion that there's only one way to end this.
I came to the same decision, Max.
You did?
Yes, you see, neither you nor I could be the murderer, Max.
The fact that we threw those guns away proved that.
Whoever tricked us into coming here hoped that we'd kill each other, or else have one of us kill the other and have the survivor blamed for the other's death.
Would you say that again, Chief?
We're not alone here, Max.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Oh hi, Ace!
Chief, it's Ace Weems.
He eats here too.
That's not his real name, Max.
I know that, Chief.
It's a nickname he got in a poker game.
Weems isn't his real name either.
It's Listenger.
- Ace Listenger?
- Adrian Listenger-- how'd you find out?
I took the liberty of removing this from your office, and I ran it for a fingerprint check.
When the prints came back, they proved to be those of Adrian Listenger.
And no two people in the world have the same set of fingerprints.
Wait a minute, Chief.
There's a guy up there with a gun on us who has the same set of fingerprints as Adrian Listenger!
Because that is Adrian Listenger.
Oh really?
He doesn't look anything like him.
I had my nose fixed.
Well, your doctor did a rotten job.
I did it myself.
Well, that accounts for the face, but how about the height?
Adrian Listenger was at least a foot taller than you.
I changed the way I wore my hair.
I used to have it in a pompadour.
Well, you forgot one thing, my friend-- Adrian Listenger was hard of hearing.
- What?
- Never mind, Max.
Listenger, you're under arrest for the murder of six CONTROL agents.
And the wino.
Oh, the one who was supposed to be you at the Senator Hotel.
Gentlemen, I've had enough talking.
Just a minute, Listenger.
There's one thing I'd like to know-- why did you kill all those CONTROL agents on the baseball team?
Because you guys were mean to me and cruel to me, and you were always throwing baseballs at me.
But you were the catcher.
It doesn't matter what I was.
I've waited a long time for this.
Last two on my list.
Well, that's the end of Adrian Listenger.
Yes, Chief, now there's only two names left on his list-- yours and mine.
This is ridiculous, Chief.
Come on, let's get out of here.
- After you, Max.
- No, you go ahead first, Chief.
No, I'm not in any hurry at all, Max.
But your car is parked in front of mine.
- I have to pull mine out-- - I don't care, Max.
You go ahead.
- If you're in no hurry-- - I'm not in a hurry.
{END OF EPISODE 18}{START OF EPISODE 19}
We should be getting a visual sighting any minute now.
We should be getting a visual sighting any minute now.
- I just said that.
- What did you say?
I said, "We should be getting a visual sighting any minute now".
That's what I said.
There it is, Max, the plane carrying Dietrich.
Chief: See if you can get him on the radio.
Right, Chief.
This is Alpha Charlie calling Zebra 7.
Do you read me?
Over.
They don't seem to be answering, Chief.
This is Alpha Charlie Calling Zebra 7.
Do you read me?
Over.
We've got to make contact, Max.
Dietrich is the highest ranking KAOS agent ever to defect.
His testimony is vital.
Repeat it, Max.
Dietrich is the highest ranking KAOS agent ever to defect, and his testimony is vital.
Not what I said, Max-- repeat the call letters.
Oh, right, Chief.
Where are you, Zebra 7?
- Over.
- Man on radio: This is Zebra 7.
Wait a minute, Chief.
I think I've got him.
Zebra 7, this is Alpha Charlie.
- Do you read me?
Over.
- We read you loud and clear.
Man on radio: Dietrich is the highest ranking KAOS agent ever to defect, and his testimony is vital.
Max: Roger, Zebra 7.
Where are you, Zebra 7?
Over.
Our altitude is 3000.
We are heading 4-7-niner at 2-7-5.
Do you copy?
Over.
Roger, Zebra 7.
We copy you.
Zebra 7, this is Alpha Charlie.
Reverse nominal pitch, check yaw and down bubble.
Max: Change your heading to 4-6-8.
Prepare for drop in exactly 10 seconds.
- What did you say?
- Giving the pilot his instructions.
- What did you tell him?
- Just told him to keep on doing what he was doing.
Here he comes, Max, right on target.
He's getting ready to jump.
Four, three, two, one.
Bail out!
Dietrich's chute just opened.
It looks like a perfect drop.
With the technical know-how we have today, this precision jumping is just routine, Chief.
He's coming in right on the mark.
That's good, Chief, because you can always tell how a mission is gonna go by the way it starts.
Well, Chief, I just left Dietrich.
He's in Maximum secur-- Chief, what are you doing under the desk?
You must be mistaken, Max.
I'm not under the desk.
Well, you're not under the desk now, but you were a minute ago.
Never mind that.
I have a surprise for you.
You're kidding.
That's unbelievable!
I haven't seen him in years-- Mike Hiddman.
But you have the name spelled wrong, Chief.
It's H-i-d-d-m-a-n.
Mike Hiddman, great guy.
I don't think you understand.
Better let me handle this, Chief.
- What are you doing?
- Calling the exterminator.
Hang up the phone!
Max, I didn't want KAOS to know this, but we discovered that there's a listening device hidden somewhere in this office.
A listening device?
Yes, electronic security detected it about half an hour ago.
Oh, well, you shouldn't have told that to me, Chief.
You should have written it on a piece of paper and shown it to me.
Max, just find the microphone!
Okay, now, let's see, Chief.
You've probably looked in all the obvious places-- the bookcase, the lamp, - the water pitcher.
- The water pitcher.
I never checked the water pitcher.
Of course, because logically, it couldn't be in the water pitcher, so that would be the cleverest place to put it.
You were right, Chief.
It's not in the water pitcher.
No microphone.
Don't worry about a thing, Chief.
I'll have it cleaned up in a minute.
Max, the microphone.
They must have hidden it in my pocket.
Wait a minute, Chief.
I'll handle this.
Larrabee, what are you doing?
I overheard you tell Max there was a bug in the room.
I wasn't referring to an insect.
I was talking about a small mechanical device that's used for eavesdropping-- a listening device.
Oh, you mean like a bug.
Larrabee, take the can back in your office.
- And step on it!
- Right, Chief.
- Max, you know what this means.
-   I don't-- I don't think you're supposed to step on those aerosol cans, Chief.
Max, we're in serious trouble.
It's obvious that KAOS has penetrated CONTROL security.
- Do you know what that means?
- This is just a wild guess, Chief, right off the top of my head, but I would say that it means that KAOS has penetrated CONTROL security.
It also means that Dietrich's life is in jeopardy.
That too.
That-- that-- that too, Chief.
Max, no KAOS informer has ever lived long enough to testify against KAOS.
I don't understand it.
There must be a place that we can hide Dietrich that's safe.
We've never been successful yet.
Every time we get a KAOS informer, they get to him.
-  - Hello.
Oh, yes, he's here, 99.
Hold on just a minute.
It's for you, Max.
Hello, 99.
What's up?
Oh, well, don't worry about it, sweetheart.
I'll try and fix it up, and I'll call you back later.
Okay, goodbye.
- Anything wrong, Max?
- No, nothing important, Chief.
Mrs. Feldman is sick, and I have to get someone to replace her.
Mrs. Feldman-- who's Mrs. Feldman?
She's the lady that helps 99 take care of the babies.
And she's sick?
That's great.
Oh, you know Mrs. Feldman?
This is just the opportunity we've been looking for.
- We can get Dietrich to take her place.
- Now just a minute, Chief.
That's a little ridiculous.
I mean, Marlena Dietrich is not gonna take care of two babies at her age.
One baby, maybe, but not two.
Max, I'm talking about KAOS Agent Dietrich.
Oh, well, that's different.
She might take care of him.
- Your apartment would be the perfect-- - Hold it.
"Another bug".
Another bug.
Max, why did you smash my cuff link?
That wasn't a cuff link.
That was a microphone.
Of course it's a microphone.
And this is a microphone, and they were a gift from the broadcasters association in solid gold!
- Oh, yes, sir.
-  Oh, yes.
I understand.
Yes, sir.
Oh, of course.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
-  - Goodbye.
I've been with KAOS.
One informer gets away and suddenly I am incompetent.
But Father, they can't blame you because Dietrich defected.
You will find, Alex, that when you work for KAOS, they will blame whoever they want.
We have to find this Dietrich and silence him.
We'll do that, Father, but when the time comes to bury him, will KAOS give us the business?
Oh, Alex, I never have to worry about you.
You have a good head for business.
No matter what happens, with you the business comes first.
Don't sell this coffin.
If I don't find Dietrich, I'll be needing it for myself.
Okay, but I'll have to have a deposit.
- Yes, what is it?
- Man: Earl Kibbee to see you.
Send him in.
Earl Kibbee, isn't he the one they call the exterminator?
That's him.
Alex, you're about to meet the most cold-blooded, calculating, ruthless killer that ever worked for KAOS.
Are the stories about him really true, Father?
I heard he was even given a contract on his own mother-in-law.
He was offered $10,000.
He turned it down.
He turned down the contract?
No, he took the contract.
He turned down the money.
He said it was his pleasure.
Mr. Vogel I'm Earl Kibbee, certified public accountant, notary public and murderer.
You admit to being a murderer?
I have to.
It's on the card.
But whoever printed up this card knows you're a murderer.
Yeah, but you don't have to worry about her.
Her?
This was printed up by a woman?
- My mother-in-law.
- But you're a CPA and notary public.
Why do you even bother to murder?
It's kind of hard to make ends meet on a CPA's salary nowadays.
My wife and I like to keep up with the Frankels.
You mean the Joneses.
I mean the Frankels.
The Joneses are dead.
I caught up with them.
What's the name of the victim?
Wolfgang Dietrich.
- Reason for execution?
- Informer.
Informer?
If there's one thing I hate, it's an informer.
- Who did he squeal to?
- CONTROL.
CONTROL?
I hate 'em!
I hate 'em.
I hate CONTROL.
I hate informers and I hate CONTROL!
You hear me?
!
I hate 'em!
- Let's go on.
- Do you do that often?
- Do what?
- How much is this going to cost me, - this contract?
- I'll have those figures for you in just a minute.
Travel expenses, equipment rental, hotel, tip.
Is there any special way you want the victim eliminated?
We leave that up to you, but it must be done by tomorrow noon.
A one-day service, that's extra.
- Where is the victim?
- We don't know.
Hmm - What was that last number?
- Finder's fee.
$10,000.15.
- What's the 15¢ for?
- The bullet.
$10,000 is a little high.
Besides, how are we gonna explain this added expense to KAOS?
Perhaps for $500 in his own pocket, Mr. Kibbee will alter the books so KAOS will not notice it.
Alter the books?
That's dishonest.
That's against every principle and business ethic.
No CPA would do such a thing.
- What do you think I am?
- I'll make it $1000.
I'll take it.
I'm all set to go to my mother's, Max.
- Are you sure you'll be all right?
- Of course I will, 99.
Don't worry about a thing.
This will all be over by tomorrow afternoon.
-  - Max, what's that?
There must be a fire in the building.
A fire engine just pulled up.
It's no fire, 99.
That's The Chief bringing Dietrich over.
- In a fire engine?
- Yes, we didn't wanna take any chances.
We were afraid that maybe a KAOS agent might be lurking - in the hall or on the stairway.
- But I don't understand.
- Oh, hi, Chief.
- Max, all set?
- Yes, where's Dietrich?
- Right behind me.
- I guess I'd better be going, Max.
- I'll call you tonight.
I'll give you a hand, 99.
Now, remember, Max, Dietrich must take the stand tomorrow afternoon.
- Nothing must happen to him.
- Don't worry, Chief, nothing will.
Bye, love.
Oh my gosh.
All right, Dietrich, I want you to get busy with these dolls.
In case anybody is looking through the window, I want them to think that Mrs. Feldman - is doing her job.
-  - Who was that?
- It's nothing.
It's just the plumber.
You sent for a plumber at a time like this?
I didn't send for the plumber.
- The landlord sent for the plumber.
- Get rid of him.
- Hey, fella, how long you gonna be?
- It shouldn't be long now.
You found Dietrich and you killed him.
Wonderful.
Oh, I found Dietrich, but I didn't kill him.
Why?
'Cause Dietrich is gonna kill himself.
- I don't get it.
- Well, it's very simple.
Dietrich is obsessed with symmetry.
I don't understand.
Well, for instance, if he sees a chair out of place, then he's got to put it back.
If he sees a lampshade that's slightly tilted, he's gotta straighten it out.
So I rigged a gun behind a picture that's hanging on the wall in Smart's apartment, and then I tilted the picture.
Now the minute Dietrich sees that picture, he's gonna have to straighten it out.
And the second he does-- bang.
That's brilliant!
But what if Smart moves the picture before Dietrich does?
From what I've learned about Maxwell Smart, he doesn't even know he has a picture on the wall.
Mrs. Feldman.
- Mrs. Feldman!
Mrs. Fel-- - What do you want?
I want you to get the dolls and pretend you're feeding-- Dietrich, will you get that shaving cream off your face?
- Why?
- Because if KAOS happens to be looking through that window and they see that shaving cream all over your face, they're gonna know you're not Mrs. Feldman.
You're right.
Besides, Mrs. Feldman uses an electric razor.
- What are you doing?
- I'm gonna straighten out the picture.
I already straightened out the pictures.
Can't you see that?
But they're still crooked.
Oh, you're right.
I'll fix them.
Mrs. Feldman.
Mrs. Feldman.
- Mrs. Feldman!
- Dietrich: "Mrs. Feldman!
Mrs. Feldman"!
All I been hearing since I got here yesterday is "Mrs. Feldman"!
- Anybody ever tell you you're a nag?
- I don't care.
I want you to act like Mrs. Feldman.
I am acting like Mrs. Feldman.
What do you think I was doing in the kitchen?
- I was making chicken soup.
- I don't want you in the kitchen.
I want you right out here in the living room where I can keep my eye on you.
All right, if it'll make you happy, I'll stay out here.
-  - What was that?
What was what?
I thought I heard a noise in the hall.
I didn't hear anything.
Check it out anyway.
- Nothing.
-  Hello.
Oh, hi, Chief.
No, there haven't been any more attempts on Dietrich's life since the painting took a shot at him yesterday.
Right, Chief.
We'll be ready.
So long.
Okay, Dietrich, The Chief and 99 will be picking us up in a bulletproof car in about 10 minutes.
- You can get out of that dress.
- Oh, good.
I can hardly breathe.
Sure gonna feel good to get this girdle off my chest.
- Don't forget your briefcase.
- What briefcase?
The briefcase with all the KAOS data in it.
Oh, that's not in the briefcase, Smart.
That's in here.
- Okay, let's go.
-  That must be The Chief.
We're on our way, Chief.
Congratulations, Mr. Smart.
Your name has just been selected by Cousin Cora's Candy Kitchens to sample our delicious product.
Look, I'm a little busy right now.
Would you mind calling back later?
There's no need to.
We just wanted to let you know that a gift package of bonbons has just been left at your door.
Try them with our compliments.
- What's up?
- That's what's up.
Bonbons.
- Bonbons?
I love 'em.
- Just a minute.
Not so fast.
This may be the old bomb-in-the-bonbon-box trick.
I'd better check it out.
I guess that settles it.
It certainly can't be a bomb.
Not so fast.
There's still one more test I have to make.
You see, whoever sent this over knew that a trained agent like me would have to take a suspicious looking package like this - and submerge it in water.
-  I gotta hand it to you, Smart.
That's a bomb if I ever heard one.
Yes, and it's not a little bomb.
I can tell by the ticking it's a great big bomb.
Get rid of it!
Okay, Dietrich.
You can come out now.
That's far enough, gentlemen.
Well, almost all clear.
Oh, it's all right.
It's only the plumber.
- That's the exterminator.
- It's the plumber.
The exterminator is a tall blond guy with a big nose.
You'd better listen to him, Smart.
He knows.
I am the exterminator.
The name is Earl Kibbee.
Oh, well, then you must be the one who planted the gun behind the picture and sent the bomb in the bonbon box.
I'm also the one who shot the arrow.
- What arrow?
- Oh, forget it.
All right, hold it, Dietrich.
Hold it right there.
- Where's Smart?
- I don't know.
- I'll try to find him for you.
- Dietrich!
-  - All right, Smart, where are you?
Wherever you are, Smart, - come out with your hands up.
-  Smart, if you don't come out right now, I'm gonna shoot up this whole garage!
Good work, Smart.
Here, you'd better let me have that submachine gun.
- It's pretty tricky.
- Hey, be careful with that thing.
- It's got a hair trigger.
- I know that.
Max, you shot the plumber.
and I didn't shoot him.
A piece of plaster from the ceiling fell on his head.
I'm glad to see Dietrich is safe.
Good work, Max.
Thank you, Chief.
Well, here's one witness who'll testify.
And the information locked in his memory will mean the end of KAOS.
Dietrich, are you all right?
Dietrich?
Who's Dietrich?
{END OF EPISODE 19}{START OF EPISODE 20}
-  Come on, 99.
-  Right, Max.
Nothing looks disturbed, 99.
Looks like we got here before KAOS.
Then the formula must still be here, Max.
No, 99.
Dr. Harper never put that formula down on paper.
When he died a half hour ago, that formula died with him.
Well, then what are we supposed to be looking for?
Well, our job is to find a nuclear fuel, then get a sample of it, take it back to the CONTROL lab and have it analyzed.
Well, how do we know what it's gonna look like?
Well, it's a red liquid, and it'll be in a quart container.
A quart?
You mean that's all there is in existence?
Yes, and it took 'em But that quart has enough power to send a rocket to the moon and back 25 times.
We'd better start searching, Max, and fast.
Right, 99.
-  - Max!
Are you all right?
Shh!
Keep your voice down, 99!
We don't want everybody to know we're here.
- Look at this, 99.
- Did you find the fuel?
No, I found a salami.
- So what?
- "So what"?
What would Dr. Harper be doing with a salami in his laboratory?
To make himself a sandwich, I guess.
No, 99.
That's exactly what Dr. Harper would like the person who found this to think.
But after years of experience, I've learned to look beneath the surface of the obvious.
No, 99, a man of Dr. Harper's brilliance and intelligence would have to have an ulterior motive for leaving a salami here.
- Just as I thought.
- What's in there, Max?
Rye bread, mustard pickles and this container.
What's in it?
Cherry soda.
- Sour.
- Sour cherry soda?
- Well, it's either that or gasoline.
-  Max!
The rocket fuel!
Would you try to calm down, 99!
- Where is it?
- In your hand, Max.
Ooh!
This rocket fuel.
All right, hand it over.
KAOS has waited for this for a long time.
Now give it to me.
Max, are you all right?
I'm fine, 99.
Oh, Max, he got away with the fuel.
No, he didn't.
When it comes to Muscatel, no one can match the Bulmanian vineyards.
Yes, Mr. Ambassador, I've been saving this for just such an occasion.
Thank you, sir.
How long have you been with us, Waterhouse?
Four years, sir.
Four happy years.
To my faithful valet and trusted friend, may you be happy for the rest of your life.
Thank you, sir.
And as for you, Widow Waterhouse-- But, sir, I am not a widow.
Ah!
As I was saying, Widow Waterhouse.
There, there, Widow Waterhouse.
Try to get hold of yourself.
But why have you poisoned my husband?
Two days ago, your husband performed a valuable service for KAOS.
But then KAOS decided that he knew too much.
And what is to become of me?
You're being sent back to Bulmania.
Oh, no.
Not back to Bulmania.
The car is waiting for you in the driveway.
Goodbye.
Just a moment.
Should you ever mention a word of what you've seen here today, please bear in mind that you have relatives living in Chicago.
Well, that's that.
Now we're the only two people in this country who know that the nuclear rocket fuel is hidden here in the embassy.
Splendid.
What else is on the agenda for this morning, Zachary?
Well, at 10:30, you're dedicating the children's wing at the new hospital.
At 12:00 there's a luncheon with the peace council, and at 2:00 you're to meet the new valet and his wife the maid.
You hired them through the proper channels?
Oh, yes.
And they've been thoroughly screened.
I do hope my new valet is as good as the late Mr. Waterhouse.
- That was much better, Max.
- What do you mean, it "was much better, Max"?
That's the fourth time I've fallen down.
How could it be much better?
This time, you got all the way to the stairs.
Chief, it's no good.
I can't walk around with my head held up high like that.
I'm not cut out to be a valet.
But, Max, you've got to learn.
That's how we're going to get inside the Bulmanian Embassy.
I don't understand it.
We know the formula is there.
Why don't we just walk in and take it?
I wish it were that simple, Max, but there is such a thing as diplomatic immunity.
That embassy is the same as a little piece of Bulmania.
But how are we gonna get hired at the embassy, Chief?
That's all been taken care of, 99.
I'll get it.
- Hi, Max.
- Oh, hi, Larrabee.
- Is the Chief here?
- He's right over there.
We've intercepted a message from the Bulmanian Embassy.
- Good work, Larrabee.
Where is it?
- I swallowed it.
- You what?
- I had to, I was being followed.
But I read it before I swallowed it, Chief.
- Good, what did it say?
- I don't know, it was in code.
- You didn't understand it?
- I could understand part of it, Chief.
- The part that was written in English.
- And what did that say?
"Swallow this if you're being followed".
I'll get it.
Hello?
Yes, mother.
What happened to your car?
Oh, that's terrible!
Okay, I'll talk to you tomorrow.
What is it, 99?
Well, I can't go on the assignment with Max, Chief.
My mother can't come to babysit and I'll have to stay with the babies.
But 99, you've got to!
A courier is coming to the Bulmanian Embassy tonight to take the rocket fuel out of the country!
We've got to get it before the courier does!
Well, Chief, somebody has to stay with the twins.
Larrabee and I will babysit.
You'd do that for us, Chief?
We'd be happy to, Max.
Chief, can I see ya for a second?
What is it?
Larrabee, are you crazy?
You can't ask them for money.
You two better get going, you don't have much time.
about the twins.
They'll be in good hands.
Hand.
- What is it, Zachary?
- Maxwell and Nina are here, sir.
Ah, send them in.
The ambassador will see you now.
Sorry about that.
Don't bother, I'll get it.
Eh I'll have that cleaned up in a jiffy.
Cease!
Don't bother.
I understand.
It's your first day on the job and you're trying to make a good impression.
So why did you stop me?
I expect you'll want to get settled immediately.
Zachary will show you to your quarters in a moment and explain your duties.
Would you please wait outside?
Uh, yes, we want to get started right away.
Uh, come on, Nina.
I can't understand how the agency could send over a team like that.
Yes, it's hard to believe that anyone could be that inept.
I think I'll put him through a security check.
from top to bottom and there is no sign of the rocket fuel.
What about the wine cellar in the basement?
Well, I tried to get in, but the door was locked.
Look, I'd better get this tea in to the ambassador.
But, Max, we've gotta find the key to the wine cellar.
Look, you serve the tea and I'll search the house.
- Right, I'll keep him occupied.
- Right, Max.
Max!
Be careful!
Don't worry, 99, I'll be careful.
- Sugar?
- Uh, yes, two.
Maxwell, we have a 48-piece tea service in this embassy.
You have about 104 now, sir.
- Will there be anything else?
- No.
I would like you to polish the wineglasses on the buffet.
As you say, sir.
Hello?
Oh, yes.
Just a moment, please.
It's security with a new combination for the wall safe.
Behind the picture.
Take this down, Zachary.
Left 42, right 17, left 58, right 4, left 36.
- Have you got that?
- Uh, yes, sir.
Thank you, security.
Memorize that, Zachary, then destroy the paper.
Yes, sir.
I almost forgot Senator Fillmore's cocktail party.
We'd better hurry, Zachary, or we'll be late.
Oh, Maxwell, we're going out for a few hours.
We shall dine at 8:00.
The trap is set.
I'll give him just two minutes to take the bait.
or is that 22 right?
And 22 left.
Got it.
So!
- What are you doing over there?
- Uh, well, you told me to polish the glasses, sir.
Oh, yes, so I did.
I think you're going to be all right, Maxwell.
Thank you very much, Ambassador.
We seem to be low on wine.
And glasses.
I'll go down to the wine cellar and get some more if you'd like, sir.
No, thank you.
I'll take care of that myself.
It's really no trouble at all, Mr. Ambassador.
- I'd be glad to go down.
- I'm the only one in this house permitted to go into the wine cellar, Maxwell.
Remember that.
There's really nothing to this.
All you need's a little practice.
That's all perfect.
Aren't we supposed to be doing this on the baby?
We tried that, Larrabee, and it didn't work.
Now all I have to do is slip this on the baby.
We'll have you fixed up in a jiffy, sweetheart.
Larrabee, bring me the baby powder.
I couldn't find it, Chief, but I found this cornstarch.
There we are.
Perfect.
-  - That must be 99.
Hello.
Chief, it's 99.
Thank you.
Hello, 99.
- Hello, Chief.
How are the twins?
- They're just fine, 99.
Hold on a minute, Chief.
- What is it, Max?
- I found the key to the wine cellar.
It's around the ambassador's neck.
- What is it, 99?
- Chief, we think that the rocket fuel is hidden in the wine cellar.
Max finally found the key, but unfortunately it's around the ambassador's neck.
- What do you think you're doing?
- Well, you see, sir, I've always felt that a good valet should see that his master is comfortable and relaxed, so I brought your pajamas.
In the first place, I have a great deal of work to do.
Secondly, I don't, as a rule, wear my pajamas unless I am in bed.
Oh.
Yes, well, why don't you take off your shirt, sir?
- You'd be a little cooler that way.
- But the room isn't too warm.
Well-- well, how about taking your scarf and-- Will you stop fussing over me, Maxwell?
!
If you really want to be helpful, you may pour me a glass of wine.
Oh, you don't want a glass of wine, sir.
- That'll just make you sleepy.
- Maxwell!
Well, if you take a glass of wine, you'll just doze off and go to sl-- s-- uh-- glass of wine, yes, sir.
That's a very good idea, sir.
- Right away, sir.
- And take that stuff with you.
This stuff, yes, sir.
Here we are, sir.
Ah, there's nothing like a glass of Bulmanian wine.
Ah, you look much better already, sir.
Here, have another one.
So many things require my personal attention, Maxwell-- paperwork as you can surely see.
Thank you, Maxwell.
Now you sit down and have a little drink with me.
I want to talk to you.
Oh, I couldn't possibly do that, sir.
- You see, I'm on duty.
- Well, of course you could.
Now bring a chair, Maxwell, bring a chair.
I don't care what Zachary says, I like you, Maxwell.
Now we'll have a little of this fine wine.
Don't you think?
There we are.
To me, Maxwell.
Uh, to me-- Maxwell.
Ah!
Now then, this is a fine vintage.
The finest, I think, of all the Bulmanians.
To you again, Maxwell!
Eh-- w-- w-- hold it, sir.
W-w-why don't we drink to him?
- Him?
- Uh, yes, him.
Him ah, yes!
The grand duke-- to the grand duke!
Ah, I never liked him much.
He's a bore.
Now then, just one more little drink, yes?
One for you and one for me.
To Zachary!
Uh, I'm terribly sorry, sir, but I couldn't possibly drink another drop.
Maxwell, in Bulmania, we measure the worth of a man by how well he holds his wine!
-  - To Zachary!
Why not?
A toast!
There's no more wine.
I'll give you my key.
Where is my key?
More wine!
Maxwell, more wine.
One of these bottles is not wine, 99.
It's the rocket fuel.
But Max, there are hundreds of bottles here.
How are we ever gonna know which one the fuel's in?
The one you have your hand on, Maxwell.
The one with the X on the label.
- You're sober!
- Cold sober.
But I don't understand, that can't be.
You drank How can you still be standing up?
I have to stand up.
If I lie down, I get deathly ill.
Mr. Ambassador, the courier has just arrived.
Ambassador: Splendid.
Give him this rocket fuel.
It must be on its way to Bulmania tonight.
Right away.
Hold it right there.
Any attempt to stop Zachary will result in your immediate demise.
And now the masquerade is over.
Your name, please.
Maxwell Smart of CONTROL.
Delighted to meet you, Mr. Smart.
And this charming lady is Mrs. Maxwell Smart.
Ah, madam.
-  - Good work, Max!
Come on, 99.
We've gotta try and stop Zachary.
Max, wait a minute, I smell something.
Well, of course you smell something.
That man just drank But Max, it smells like gasoline.
- Gasoline?
- Max!
That's the bottle with the rocket fuel!
Well, then, that means that Zachary is on her way back to Bulmania with a bottle of plain red table wine.
And there's enough fuel left for CONTROL to analyze.
Yes, well, we've done it again, 99.
But no one is to know about this except us.
- Hold this.
I'll check in with CONTROL.
- Right, Max.
This is Maxwell Smart reporting in.
It is my pleasure to inform you that we have found Dr. Harper's rocket fuel.
The KAOS ambassador is our prisoner, and once again the forces of niceness and goodness have triumphed over the forces of evil and rottenness.
Huh?
Oh, thank you.
Wrong number.
{END OF EPISODE 20}{START OF EPISODE 21}
No, Mother, I really didn't mind being alone tonight.
Besides, by the time I got the twins to sleep, - I was so exhausted.
-  Max: Oh, Mother, Max is here now.
I'll talk to you tomorrow, okay?
Bye-bye.
- Max, I'm upstairs in bed!
- I'll be right up!
When you come up the stairs, turn the light on.
my way up the stairs.
I know that, Max, but I got a new end table today, and I want you to see where I put it.
Oh, really?
Where'd you put it?
- Right at the top-- -  stairs.
- Max, are you all right?
- I'm okay, 99.
I'll be right up as soon as I turn the light on.
How do you like the end table?
I think it's very pretty, 99.
Do you really like it?
Yes, but I'm not too crazy about the way it fits.
Oh, Max, you've broken it!
Oh no, 99, it's not broken.
I'd say it was more like a bad sprain.
Max, I mean the table.
Oh, the table.
Yes, well the top is in pretty bad shape, but a couple of the legs are still pretty good.
with your eye?
Oh, I was leaning over to pick up some diapers and I hit it on the edge of the bassinette.
Oh, well, how did you enjoy the day with your mother?
Oh, she wasn't here, Max.
I felt like I wanted to be alone, so I just called her and told her not to come.
Is there anything wrong, 99?
No, Max, why do you ask?
I don't know, it's just not like you to cancel out a date with your mother.
You enjoy spending the day so much with her.
Oh, well, I just had so many things to do.
With you coming home late, it just seemed like the perfect opportunity to do them.
Oh, darling, I'm exhausted, love.
- Good night.
- Good night.
Hello.
Max, this is The Chief.
Did you just get home?
A few minutes ago.
Can you speak a little louder, Max?
Well, I can't, Chief.
Of course she's in her bed.
Where do you think she sleeps?
In the closet?
Max, listen to me-- don't repeat a word of this to 99-- do nothing, say nothing.
You go right to sleep.
The first thing tomorrow morning, I want you here in my office.
- Have you got that?
- Right, Chief.
Would you mind telling me what it's all about?
I don't know what it's all about, Max.
All I know is that that woman in the other bed is not 99.
Are you sure, Chief?
I'm positive.
Well, whoever she is, she's there all right, sound asleep in your bed.
Well, I'm certainly glad I put clean sheets on this morning.
I want to hear every single detail.
I had just put the twins to bed.
I went downstairs and I heard the doorbell ring.
I went to the door and asked - Who's there?
- Melnick's furniture.
We're delivering your end table.
So I opened the door and the man came in with a table.
Just put it over there.
I turned to close the door and that's when I saw the woman.
I thought I was looking in a mirror.
It was absolutely uncanny.
She had my face, my figure, my clothes-- but not my gun.
She told me that I was to go with the delivery man and that she was going to take my place.
I said she'd have to shoot me before she'd get me to leave my children.
- Go on.
- She said it would only be for a few days, and she promised she'd take perfect care of the twins.
And I said, "What about my husband"?
And then she promised she'd take perfect care of my husband.
And that's when I hit her.
That's interesting.
Where'd you hit her?
- In my right eye.
- Huh?
In her right eye.
Then they blindfolded me and they put me in the back of the truck.
They took me to their warehouse and locked me in the basement.
It's fortunate for us, They're really gonna be surprised when they find out I'm gone.
- You mean they don't know you got away?
- No.
back there right away.
Why?
to a great deal of trouble to find someone who looks exactly like you and train her to take your place.
They must be up to something big.
You mean when they find out I've escaped, they'll call it off?
Exactly.
We've got to let them think their plan is succeeding so we can find out what it is.
and remain their prisoner for a while.
But Chief, what about the twins?
I'll have Max arrange with your mother to take them for a few days.
But first I've got to convince Max that that woman in the apartment with him is not you.
I know, Chief.
Let me call Max.
I'll talk to him.
That's too risky.
She might be listening in on the extension.
I know how to prove it to him.
You've got to get back to Melnick's warehouse.
What are you gonna do, Chief?
I'm gonna telephone Max, tell him to wake that woman and kiss her.
What?
kiss alike.
The second Max kisses her, he'll know it's not you.
Chief, that's a terrible idea!
- Why?
- What if she's better?
- Morning, sweetheart.
- Oh hello, love.
You look terrific this morning.
Your eye cleared up.
All the black and blue is gone.
I put some makeup on it.
You sit down and I'll go get your breakfast.
Just some toast and coffee, 99.
I have to be at headquarters early this morning.
There we go.
Who's eating with us?
No, darling, that's for you.
I never eat a big breakfast, you know that.
I know that, love, but I just read an article that said breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Everyone should eat a big breakfast.
to lose weight.
You yourself said I was getting heavy.
I don't care what I told you, Max.
I want you to be healthy.
That's ridiculous, 99.
I couldn't eat all of that.
Oh, Max, I spent so much time trying to please you-- the least you can do is eat it.
I'm sorry, 99.
I don't care how nice you ask me, I'm not gonna eat all of that food.
Max please?
No, I'm sorry, 99.
It's out of the question.
- 99?
- Hmm?
Pass the salt.
Max, you've got to believe me.
That woman is an imposter.
Chief, how do we know that the 99 who was here last night isn't the imposter, and the 99 in my apartment is the real 99, and that this 99 lied when she said - Would you say that again?
- Huh?
- Would you say that again?
- Say what again?
About the 99 who was here last night being the imposter, and the 99 in the apartment being the real 99, and this 99 lying when she said that 99 in the apartment was the imposter.
Would you say that again, Chief?
No, Max, I want you to say it.
It's your theory.
I want you to say it again so I can see if it makes any sense.
Well, all right, Chief.
This is what I was getting at-- you claim that the 99 that was here last night is the real 99, and the 99 in my apartment is the fake 99.
But how do we really know if this is the real 99 when she could be the fake 99?
And the 99 in my apartment-- who this 99 claims is the fake 99-- could be the real 99.
And this 99 is only saying the real 99 is the fake 99 so we'd arrest the real 99.
Then the fake 99 would take her place, and we'd think that the fake 99 was in jail, when it was the other way around.
The real 99 would be in jail and the fake 99 would be in my apartment.
That's very logical, Max.
But it's much too obvious.
How could I make you believe that the woman being held prisoner is the real 99?
Chief, how can you be so positive?
Because she knew things that only the real 99 would know.
She knew where CONTROL headquarters was located, she knew where the secret entrance was, she knew what the password was.
- She even knew about the beauty mark.
- What beauty mark?
The beauty mark on your body.
- She didn't tell you where it was?
- Yes, she did, Max.
That's not fair, Chief.
She promised she'd never tell.
Max, she had to.
She was proving that she was the real 99.
Now who else but your wife would know about that beauty mark?
- Lindquist.
- Who's Lindquist?
Dr. Lindquist.
He delivered me.
- He would have to know.
- Of course he would have to know.
He slapped me on it when he brought me into the world.
Max, how can I convince you that that woman is an imposter?
I've been giving it a lot of thought, and I think you may have something there.
Because this 99 is doing a lot of things the real 99 would never do.
- Like what?
- For example, this morning she gave me a big breakfast.
eat a big breakfast.
Then she sat on my lap and fed me.
Now 99 would never do that.
When I leave in the morning for work, on the cheek and says goodbye.
What did she do?
She put her arms around me, kissed me full on the lips and wouldn't stop.
I almost didn't make it to work this morning.
She wouldn't let go?
To tell you the truth, Chief, I didn't feel like coming to work after that.
Max, the most important thing is to not to arouse her suspicions.
You have got to make her think that you really believe that she's 99.
And when we find out what their plans are, we'll move right in.
Now remember, this could take as much as a week.
Chief, if I have to spend a week with this woman to help CONTROL solve this case, I'm willing to do it.
I'm proud of you, Max.
If I have to spend two weeks with this woman, I'm willing to do that too.
Remember, you're a married man.
You're telling me.
I've got two wives.
Chief, where do you think they have her hidden?
I'll show you.
They have her hidden behind the wall?
I'm gonna show you on the map.
Does the name Melnick mean anything to you?
Melnick, Melnick-- what's his first name?
- Melnick.
- Melnick Melnick.
Nope, if I had heard a name like that before, I would've remembered it.
No, Max, his first name is Melnick, his second name is Archer.
He designs and manufactures bedroom sets.
He has a large warehouse here in town.
Oh, yes, of course, I remember now.
Melnick Archer.
Wasn't he the one that was suspected once of selling bedroom sets to iron-curtain countries?
- That's him, Max.
- Of course, I remember now.
"Put a red in your bed" Melnick.
That's what he was called.
They've got 99 hidden in his warehouse right here on Harbor Boulevard.
Gee, I hope she's all right, Chief.
She's in no immediate danger.
They've made her very comfortable.
When she was here last night, I issued her CONTROL's new fingernail phones.
She'll be able to report to us from time to time when she can.
Chief, 99 called from a furniture warehouse a few minutes ago, but I told her you were busy.
You what?
Didn't she tell you it was important?
No, she said it was urgent, but she didn't say anything about being important.
Think something's wrong, Chief?
No, the fact that she called is a good sign.
It's probably about the twins.
I promised her that you'd have her mother take them for a few days.
I'd better call her and find out if she will.
Listen, Max, the twins can stay at our place for a few days.
My wife would love taking care of them, and they'd have a lot of fun playing in the sand.
You have a place at the beach, Larrabee?
No, but we have a very sandy apartment.
- Thanks just the same, Larrabee.
- Anytime, Max.
- Hold it, Larrabee.
- Yeah, Chief?
You're not going to get away with that one that easily.
- Which one?
- Explain it to me-- how you have a very sandy apartment.
There's nothing to explain, Chief.
We can't get the sand out because our vacuum cleaner is broken.
Larrabee, if you don't live at the beach, how can you have all that sand in your apartment?
We've been talking about moving to the beach and wanted to see if we'd like it.
Thank you, Larrabee.
Chief, I don't know whether this is important to you or not, but we don't like it-- too much sand.
Line's busy, Chief.
I'd better call back later.
Strange man, that Larrabee.
I was just thinking that, Chief.
When he said that business about the vacuum cleaner not working and not being able to sweep up the sand, well, why in the world didn't he use a broom to sweep up the sand?
Max, are you sure you and Larrabee aren't related?
You know, a lot of people have asked me that lately, Chief.
CONTROL headquarters, this is The Chief.
Chief, I got back just fine.
They didn't even know I was gone.
That's good, 99.
Are you all right?
Are you comfortable?
Am I comfortable?
I wish I had a cell like this at home.
Let me speak to her, Chief.
Hold on, 99.
Max wants to talk to you.
Hi, 99.
Hello, Max, my love.
How are you?
Oh, I'm fine.
I had a big breakfast this morning.
I feel great.
Max, you never eat a big breakfast.
Yes, I know, but this woman insisted.
You know what she did while I was eating breakfast?
She cleaned and vacuumed and dusted the entire apartment.
You won't recognize it when you get home.
Gee, Max, you sound like you don't miss me at all.
I miss you terribly, darling.
This woman may be a great cook and neat and over-affectionate, but it's not the same as you.
Max, have you called my mother about taking the children?
Yes, I did call her, 99, but the line was busy.
I'll have to call back later.
-  - Someone's coming.
I've gotta go now.
I wish you were gonna be home tonight, 99.
Oh, so do I, darling.
We're having beef stroganoff.
Goodbye, Max.
I thought I overheard you talking to someone, Mrs. Smart.
You did, Mr. Archer-- I was talking to myself.
I do that when I'm lonely.
Get used to being alone, Mrs. Smart.
You're going to be spending the rest of your life in a cell.
But I was told I'd only be kept here a few days.
Yes, that's true.
And then you will be placed behind bars in a federal penitentiary.
For what?
For the murder of your husband, Maxwell Smart.
So that's your plan.
Yes, Maxwell Smart will be found dead by you when you return to your apartment tomorrow morning.
Melnick?
Telephone call for you in your office.
Mrs. Maxwell Smart is calling.
If you'll excuse me, my dear.
I thought I overheard her talking when I came in here.
She may have a concealed communication device with her.
- You think so?
- Shh.
Melnick: It's possible.
Now you remain here and watch her.
We wouldn't want anything to go wrong now.
Right.
Things are going even better than we expected.
She's coming over in about an hour to take the twins for a few days.
Excellent, Sonia.
Yes, it leaves me free to attend to Mrs. Smart.
At what rate are you feeding him the poison?
I am giving it to him in thirds.
I gave him one third for breakfast.
He should be home shortly for lunch.
I'll give him some more then.
And I'll give him the rest for dinner tonight.
By tomorrow morning, Maxwell Smart will be dead, and the autopsy will reveal that he was poisoned.
By his lovely wife.
A beautiful plan.
When will the first symptoms of the poison start to show?
It should start shortly after lunch.
He'll begin to get very sleepy, and then he'll lose his equilibrium and fall down a lot.
Won't that attract suspicion?
Not with Maxwell Smart.
- Hi, Chief.
- Hello, Max.
Has 99 called yet?
Not since this morning.
They must be watching her very closely.
- Boy, am I tired.
- Where have you been?
I went home for lunch.
Max, you never eat lunch at home.
I know that, Chief, but 99's imposter doesn't.
She insisted that I come home for lunch.
So I didn't want to arouse her suspicions, and I went.
I wonder why she insisted that you come home for lunch.
I don't know, Chief.
What difference does it make?
- It can't do any harm.
- I guess you're right.
Max, are you all right?
I'm fine, Chief.
I just lost my balance for a minute.
Max, it's driving me crazy.
What could KAOS's plan be?
Why would they kidnap 99 and then replace her with someone that looks and sounds exactly like her?
I don't know, Chief.
I've been giving it a lot of thought, and the way I feel-- Max, are you sure you're all right?
You've fallen down twice in less than a minute-- even for you that's a lot.
I'm okay, Chief.
I just got a little dizzy.
- Are you sure?
- I'm positive.
What keeps bothering me is what their plan is.
When are they gonna make their move?
Max!
Max.
Max, I think you're coming down with something.
Yes.
If I am, Chief, I'm coming down with it a lot.
I think you'd better go home and get to bed.
I think you need some rest.
Oh.
Larrabee?
Max isn't feeling very well.
I want you to take him home.
Okay, Max, you ready to go?
What're you doing?
I'm not doing anything.
I'm-- I'm biting my thumbnail.
Well, Marcus.
And how is our prisoner this evening?
Nervous and impatient.
Look, she hardly touched her dinner.
Well, that's more than I can say for Mr. Smart.
He's been eating splendidly.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means that at this very moment he's having his dinner-- and with it enough poison to finish him.
So that's how you plan to kill Max.
Exactly.
And now if you'll excuse me, my dear, I have work to attend to.
The big sale starts tomorrow.
Marcus.
Release her first thing in the morning before we open the warehouse to the public.
And get rid of the cell.
Place the furniture in the showroom on sale.
And make the price irresistible so that when she comes back with the police, she won't be able to corroborate her story.
Right.
Ow!
Ooh!
What's wrong?
I have a cramp in my leg.
Oh, come, come.
You don't expect me to fall for an old trick like that, do you?
Surely you don't think I'd be stupid enough to pull an old trick like that.
This always happens when I'm nervous and tense.
Ow!
Try to relax.
Maybe it'll go away.
Oh, I wish my husband were here.
He always massages my leg and makes the cramp go away.
Well, if it'll help, I'll massage it for you.
Oh, would you, please?
And please hurry.
- Where does it hurt?
- Right down here.
Hello, Chief.
I found out their plan.
They're poisoning Max.
There's not a minute to lose.
I'm on my way to the apartment now.
Good work, 99.
I'll have Larrabee take Melnick Archer into custody and meet you at the apartment later.
Larrabee, you're to go to Melnick's furniture warehouse-- - Now?
- Of course, now.
But the sale doesn't start until tomorrow morning.
I don't have time to argue.
Just go to the warehouse and arrest Melnick Archer.
Right, Chief.
You're also to arrest a man named Marcus.
Marcus?
How will I know him?
You'll know him.
He'll be the man who starts shooting at you when you arrest Melnick Archer.
Oh, is he a good shot?
I hope so.
Come on, Max, just one more bite.
No, no, 99, please.
I'm so full I couldn't eat another thing.
And I'm so sleepy.
Max, at least eat some of the cream pie.
If you eat the cream pie, you can lie down on the sofa and go to sleep.
Sleep?
Okay, 99, I'll eat the cream pie.
Come on, darling.
One big bite should do it.
Max, don't!
Oh, hi, 99.
You don't happen to have some bicarbonate of soda on you, do you?
What are you doing here?
I escaped.
Now get away from my husband.
Very well.
Max!
Oh.
Get up.
Put your hands up.
- Hold it right there.
- Chief!
Drop the gun and put your hands up.
Not you, Larrabee.
You heard what I said.
Drop the gun.
Stay away from that gun!
Chief, I'm 99.
She's the imposter.
Don't you believe her, Chief.
I'm 99.
That's not true, Chief.
I am!
Ask Max.
All right, Max.
Which one is it?
Your wife.
Which one is your wife?
Oh.
You're pointing at Larrabee.
Chief, the eyes.
They're both the same color.
No, Chief, the imposter has a black eye.
She covered it with makeup.
That's right, Chief.
Don't you remember?
I told you that I socked her in her right eye.
That's right.
Wipe the makeup off your right eye.
Sure, Chief.
Good work, 99!
Oh, Max, we've gotta get you to the hospital and get your stomach pumped.
Larrabee, give 99 a hand.
Be with you in a minute.
Man, this is good.
{END OF EPISODE 21}{START OF EPISODE 22}
Senator Brookside, hold it right there.
What is it now, Smart?
This locker hasn't been checked out yet.
Well, have you discovered anything?
I certainly did.
What is it?
This locker can't be opened from the inside.
Okay, security check completed.
You can hang your coat up now.
Of course I can hang it up now.
Smart, when are you going to stop this foolishness?
I'm sorry, Senator, but your committee happens to be dealing with information that is vital to the security of this country.
And some of that information has been leaking out.
I know, but do we have to worry about it here in the Roman Baths?
Yes, particularly here in the Roman Baths.
Because there are six of these Roman Baths, and each one of them is located right next to an important missile base.
- Yes, I'm very well aware of that.
- Yes, and besides that, we've felt for a long time that these baths are somehow connected with the KAOS organization.
So, you see, Senator Brookside, we have to be extremely careful.
And it's my job to see that nothing goes wrong.
Mr. Leach, good morning.
You're just in time.
What is it, Mr. Centurion?
Senator Brookside is in the locker room.
Splendid.
Is he alone?
No, there's a CONTROL agent with him.
CONTROL has never been a problem to me.
Is the senator scheduled for the steam room?
Right now.
Excellent.
The truth steam will give us the results that we desire.
See to it.
How much truth steam shall I administer?
Oh, enough to keep him babbling for 10 minutes.
Intercom: Telephone call for Maxwell Smart.
- Did you hear that?
- Yes, I heard it.
Intercom: Telephone call for Maxwell Smart.
Maxwell Smart speaking.
Hi, Chief.
What's up?
Max, does the name Montague Leach mean anything to you?
It certainly does.
He's the drummer with The Electric Hair.
No, he's not a drummer with The Electric Hair.
He left the group?
Max, he's an eccentric but highly successful KAOS agent who runs a chain of spas called the Roman Baths.
Yes, Chief, now that you mention it, it does sound familiar.
Then you've heard of Montague Leach.
No, I've heard of the Roman Baths.
Max, you're in the Roman Baths.
Then it all ties up, Chief.
I've not only heard of it, I've seen it.
It's on Senator Brookside's towel.
Now, Centurion, the truth steam.
Welcome to the Roman Baths, Senator Brookside.
This is Montague Leach speaking.
Every question I put to you, you will answer, and you will answer truthfully and completely.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Chief: Max, don't let the senator out of your sight for a second.
Chief, you don't have to tell me that.
While I'm talking to you, he's not five feet away from me in the steam room.
Our latest surface-to-air missile is something our technology is extremely proud of.
Its tip rises to a perfect peak.
It has an amazing small length.
I'll say one thing for Senator Brookside, for a man his age, it's no wonder he's in such great physical shape.
Chief: What do you mean?
He's not only taking a steam bath, he's doing calisthenics.
I'm going to put the babies to bed, Max.
You need any help, 99?
No thanks, love.
I don't need any help.
Oh, well, I could use some.
When you get a minute, would you call my mother and tell her we got home all right?
You got home all right.
I'm still out in the hall.
-  - Who is it?
Max, it's me, the Chief.
Open the door.
Oh, could you come back a little later, Chief?
No, Max, it's urgent.
I have to see you right away.
Yeah, well, I have my hands full now.
Well, maybe the door is open.
Sorry about that, Max.
Max, where have you been all afternoon?
I've been trying to get a hold of you.
their grandmother, we just got back.
What's up Chief?
This afternoon we captured a KAOS courier with secret plans taken from Senator Brookside only yesterday while he was in your protective custody.
But that's impossible, Chief.
They couldn't have gotten any information out of Senator Brookside.
I never let him out of my sight for a single moment.
Well, that confirms our suspicion that Montague Leach's spas are involved in our security leaks.
Here, will you hold this diaper bag for me?
Yeah.
If we only had proof-- this isn't a diaper bag.
- It's a bottle bag.
- No, it's a diaper bag.
It's a bottle bag.
Look, I'm the father, and I said it's a diaper bag.
If that isn't enough to convince you, maybe this will.
Oh, you better get that off right away.
Milk stains.
Who are you talking to, Max?
The Chief.
He just went in the kitchen for a minute.
Oh, you get it.
I'll clean up this stuff.
Hi, Max.
Is the Chief here?
- Chief, it's Larrabee.
- Tell him I'm not here.
He's not on the phone.
He's at the door.
Then don't open it.
It's too late.
Maybe not.
How do you get this window open in here?
Sometimes I think the Chief doesn't like me.
Why do you say that, Larrabee?
I'll tell you, 99.
Take that beautiful Japanese dagger - he gave to me for my birthday-- - I saw that dagger.
That's very expensive.
If the Chief didn't like you, he wouldn't give you a gift like that.
That's just it, 99.
He didn't give it to me, he threw it at me.
A Japanese dagger, eh?
That's a very unusual gift.
Yeah, it is.
But what am I going to do with it?
Have you got any suggestions, Max?
What is it, Larrabee?
This envelope just came from the Pentagon.
It's been officially sealed, contains top secret information - for you and you alone.
- Thank you, Larrabee.
Your plan for undercover surveillance has been approved.
Max, this is the break we've been waiting for.
Well, aren't you going to open it?
Why?
Larrabee never lied before.
Thus far, Centurion, there is only one remaining piece of information needed to complete the report.
And that information lies with Senator Van Horn.
Senator Van Horn has been in Europe inspecting missile sites.
He was due back over the weekend.
Have you sent him the usual invitational offer to partake in our facilities gratis?
It's been done.
Then we can be expecting him momentarily.
I wish to be informed the second of his arrival.
Yes?
Thank you.
That was Marcus at the front desk.
Senator Van Horn has just checked in.
At last.
And good news-- there's a CONTROL agent guarding him.
Why is that good news?
It's the same CONTROL agent that guarded Senator Brookside.
Maxwell Smart.
That's not good news.
That's sensational news.
All right, Senator Van Horn, you can come in now.
So far so good.
We've got to check out the entire spa - for a hidden microphone.
- We'll start right here in this room, because this is the room where Senator Brookside and I were talking, - and I know that it's bugged.
- Good.
You look over there and I'll look in here.
Right, Chief.
Wait a minute, Chief.
I have to make sure we're not being watched.
What did you do that for?
Well, Chief, I had to make sure it wasn't a two-way mirror.
Look for the wiring.
If this room is bugged, we'll spot the wiring.
Wait a minute, Chief, look.
The old bug-in- the-towel trick.
What are you talking about?
That towel, Chief.
I'm absolutely positive it's bugged.
I'm going to check it out.
Good, it's empty.
We can talk in here without being overheard.
I can't figure it out, Max.
I know information is leaking out through this place, but there is absolutely no sign of how it's being done.
- They're in the steam room now.
- Excellent.
I'm sure they'll prove to be as cooperative as our previous guests.
Give them the truth steam.
Boy, it's really getting hot in here, Chief.
It is a little uncomfortable, but I don't really mind.
I can afford to lose a few pounds.
Don't be silly.
For a man your age, you're in fantastic condition.
Actually, to be quite truthful with you, Chief, that's quite a bay window you've got there.
Anybody ever tell you you see pretty well for a man with squinty eyes?
Well, it's a good thing for CONTROL that I do, because there are a lot of things that you overlook.
The only things I overlook are all the mistakes that you make.
If you weren't like a son to me, I'd have fired you a long while ago.
Well, I'm very fond of you too, Chief, in spite of all your drawbacks.
I'm glad you feel that way, Max.
Even though you're the cause of all my migraine headaches and prematurely gray hair.
You don't have any hair, Chief, you're bald.
If I did have any hair, it would be gray, believe me.
I've heard enough.
Turn off the speaker.
So, our Senator Van Horn turns out to be the Chief of CONTROL.
We must dispose of them immediately.
Lock the door to the steam room.
Turn off the truth steam.
The truth steam is off.
Now turn up the live steam to 500°.
That much?
Chief, the temperature in here is definitely getting too high.
- Why do you say that?
- My locker key is melting.
I'm glad you mentioned it.
I thought it was only me.
- It is very warm in here.
-  Chief, look at your toupee.
- What's the matter with it?
- It's saluting.
Max, we've got to get out of here right away.
Right, Chief.
Hurry up, Max, I'm having trouble breathing.
Why don't you do what I do when I have trouble breathing, Chief?
- What do you do?
- I take steam.
Just get the door open.
I can't, Chief.
It's stuck.
Let me try.
Max, it isn't stuck.
It's locked from the outside.
Well, then we're in luck, Chief.
All we have to do is go outside and open it up.
How are we going to get outside if we're locked inside?
Don't you see they're trying to kill us?
Then that must mean that they're onto us.
If we only had a gun, we could shoot our way out.
Max, we do have a gun.
Of course.
We do have a gun?
Yes, I had CONTROL put a mini Mauser under my toupee.
- A mini Mauser?
- Yes.
It's a new CONTROL weapon developed by Professor Peter Peckenpah.
You've seen it.
The Professor Peter Peckenpah All-Purpose Antipersonnel Peckenpah Pocket Pistol.
Of course.
The Professor-Peter-Peckenpah- All-Purpose-Antipersonnel- Peckenpah-Pocket-Pistol- under-the-toupee trick.
Max, will you open the door?
I'll shoot it open, Chief.
Come on, stand back.
Right.
- Max, they're coming.
- Come on, this way.
They got away.
Quickly, seal off the entire spa.
I want them dead or dead.
Psst, Chief.
- Are they gone?
- Yes, I think we're in the clear.
Your shoe phone-- it's our only chance.
Right, the shoe phone.
Wait a minute, I can't use the shoe phone, I left it in the locker.
- Well, open up the locker.
- But I can't.
Look, the steam melted down the locker key.
Max, look at your key.
It's melted in the shape of a coin.
Yeah, just about the size of a dime.
And over there on that wall is the phone.
Of course, Chief.
We'll call a locksmith and have a new key made for the locker.
We won't call a locksmith.
We'll call Larrabee.
I don't think that's a good idea.
I don't think Larrabee knows anything about lockers or keys.
Larrabee can send help.
We should have heard from them by now.
they're all right.
I think they're in trouble.
I think so too.
CONTROL Headquarters, Larrabee speaking.
Max: Larrabee, Maxwell Smart.
Smart's not here now.
Would you like to leave a message?
Max: No, I don't want to leave a message.
Okay, fella.
Max: Chief, he hung up on me.
Chief: Max, now we've got to get out of here alive, - if it's only to kill Larrabee.
- What'll we do?
- Call him back.
- With what?
That was my last melted key.
Chief: I'll use mine.
Well, didn't he say who it was?
No, he just wanted to talk to Max.
- CONTROL Headquarters.
- Larrabee, this is Max.
Oh, hi, Max.
You just had a call, but the guy didn't want to lave a message.
- Larrabee, that was me.
- Was that you?
You should have left a message.
We've been worried sick.
Let me talk to him, Larrabee.
Hello, Max, are you all right?
I'm fine, 99, but believe me I'm glad you're there.
This is very important.
I'd sure hate to trust it to Larrabee.
Uh, I know what you mean, Max.
Now get this, 99, and get it straight.
The security of the entire United States is at stake.
The security of the entire United States is at stake.
Take this down, Larrabee.
This is a code-four alert.
This is a code-four alert.
Code four?
You sure it's not a code five?
Max, are you sure it's not a code five?
- Code four.
- Code four.
The security of the whole United States is at stake, and it's only a code four?
Seems to me like it should be a five, at least a four and a half.
Let me talk to him.
Max, are you sure that's a code four?
Larrabee, would you get off the phone?
Chief: Give me that phone, Max.
Larrabee, this is the Chief.
I can't talk to you now, Chief.
We're in the midst of a code-four alert.
Chief, somebody's coming.
-  - Larrabee, hold on.
Sorry, gentlemen, you've been cut off.
Well, gentlemen, we meet at last.
So you're Montague Leach.
The man they call "The Emperor".
Now that we're your prisoners, what do you intend to do to us?
I'm going to dispose of you.
And then what?
Which one of you would like to go first?
Well, the Chief has seniority.
Thanks, Max.
Well, after all, Chief, you've worked for CONTROL for a lot of years.
You're certainly entitled to a few benefits.
You will go first, Mr. Smart.
However I'm going to give you a sporting chance.
Does that mean I get to go to the track?
Mr. Smart, this is trial by combat, just as it was done in the days of Ancient Rome when the gladiators fought in the Coliseum.
Centurion?
I think this has gone far enough.
All right, you big ugly gorilla, let's see how good you are without your fork.
Listen, I hope I wasn't out of line with that crack about the big ugly gorilla.
Wait a minute.
This isn't fair, I don't have a weapon.
Oh, I was thinking more in terms of a sub-machine gun.
Let the combat begin!
Let it begin!
Max, you're the combat.
Put on the gear.
Hey, watch it with that net!
You're liable to get my sword tangled in it.
That's the purpose, Mr. Smart.
You see, hmm?
You see?
Now?
Well, Mr. Leach, what do you have to say now?
Very little.
I'll let this speak for me.
Now look what you've done.
What did you bump into me for, just when I was taking aim?
{END OF EPISODE 22}{START OF EPISODE 23}
Man: That you, Smart?
- Hathaway?
- Right.
- Come on.
- Where are we going?
I've gotta close the front gate.
I only left it open for you.
- Okay, now we can talk.
- Right.
Wait a minute.
I think we'd better talk over there.
Come on.
After three months of working on this case, I think I've got my first break.
- Degrasse is definitely with KAOS.
- That's terrific, Hathaway!
Keep it down!
Keep it down.
Degrasse is in his office.
- He's working late tonight.
- Don't worry, I'll keep it down.
Shh Who's there?
It's me, Mr. Degrasse-- Hathaway.
What are you doing there after closing?
I-- well, I was, uh cleaning up a bit, sir, and I knocked over a few pots.
I'm sorry.
You should be more careful, Hathaway.
I will.
We've got to work fast, Max.
- Get these to the Chief right away.
- What are they?
It's a list of Degrasse's customers.
When the Chief sees these names, he'll break the case wide open.
- Is there anything else I should know?
- Not right now.
Degrasse has been suspicious of me for the last couple of days.
I can't take a chance talking to anyone.
-  - Get down.
Oh, Hathaway, as long as you're still here, get me a sample of the compost from around Maricoba carnivorae.
- The what?
- The big plant next to you, the one that came in this morning from the Brazilian jungle.
Oh, the one over here.
- That one.
- Mm-hmm.
Get me the sample immediately.
Yes, sir.
All right, now hurry up.
Get that list to the Chief.
All right, now there's one thing I have to know before I go back.
What's the fastest way to get back to CONTROL headquarters?
Should I take Walnut Street or should I take Elm Parkway?
You can't take Walnut Street.
It's a one-way street.
Well, I took it coming over.
Take Elm Parkway.
Hurry up.
Come on.
Hathaway, did you say Elm Parkway?
Hathaway?
Hathaway, where are you?
It's incredible.
This list contains the names of some of the most important, influential government officials in Washington.
Well, that's why Hathaway wanted me to get the list to you as fast as possible, Chief.
If only Hathaway hadn't disappeared.
Well, let's look on the bright side of things, Chief.
It's a good thing that he gave me the list before he disappeared rather than after he disappeared.
Max, what kind of reasoning is that?
How could he possibly have given you the list after his disappearance?
He could've only given it to you before his disappearance!
Oh, yeah?
How about during his disappearance?
Hi, Max.
Hello, Chief.
Hello.
you doing here?
Well, you couldn't come home to dinner so I brought dinner to you.
I spent two days making the lasagna sauce, Max.
You didn't think I was gonna let it go to waste, did you?
Sit down.
I'll fix you a salad.
Well, that's very nice of you, 99.
Isn't that nice of 99, Chief?
Yes, that's very nice of 99.
- Oh, thank you, Chief.
- Mmm mmm mmm!
Smell that lasagna.
Would you like some, Chief?
There's plenty here.
No thanks, 99.
Hi, everybody.
I hope I'm not late.
Larrabee, what are you doing here?
I let you leave early because you said you had a dinner engagement.
That's right-- with the Smarts.
Oh, you shouldn't have, Larrabee.
Max, look what Larrabee brought us.
Oh, that's very nice of you, Larrabee.
Isn't that nice of Larrabee, Chief?
Yes, that's very nice of Larrabee.
Thank you, Chief.
Boy, I can't wait.
I could smell this lasagna clear out in the elevator.
Well, I spilled a little of the sauce on the way up.
Every person on this list either purchased a plant or had landscaping done by Aligie's Nursery.
That's very interesting, Chief.
Would you pass me a bread stick, please?
- What do you think of it, Max?
- What?
The bread stick?
- I haven't tasted it yet.
- Not the bread stick, the list!
You don't expect him to taste the list?
!
Of course I don't expect him to taste the list, Larrabee!
- How about you, 99?
- Chief, how do those plants tie in with the security leaks that have been going on?
I don't think I can answer that question, 99.
Oh, well, could you open this bottle of wine?
- I'll open it for you, 99.
- Oh.
I'll be back in a minute.
- Would you like some wine, Chief?
- I guess maybe I'd better.
- It's liebfraumilch.
- Liebfraumilch?
- That's a German white wine.
- I know that.
Well, why would you serve a German white wine with Italian food?
They don't go together.
Well, it was bottled in 1943.
- What has that got to do with it?
- They went together then.
Max, first thing tomorrow morning, I want you to go down to Aligie's Nursery and apply for a job.
What for, Chief?
I've already got a job.
Max, you don't understand me.
No, Chief, you don't understand Max.
What he says is true.
He does have a job.
Maybe he does, Larrabee, but you don't.
- Yes?
- Max: Mr. Degrasse?
Just a moment.
Come in.
Sit down, please.
Now what can I do for you?
I'm applying for a job.
I see.
Do you have any experience in nursery?
Oh, yes, I'm the father of twins.
I mean, do you have any experience in horticulture?
Uh, hor-- horticulture, y-- oh, yes, a great deal of experience in horticulture.
I went to college for four years.
Which college was that?
Huh?
Yes, which college.
That would be Harvard.
Harvard doesn't have courses in horticulture.
Doesn't have courses in-- yes, well, that's probably why I didn't pass.
Somehow you don't strike me as someone who knows much about gardening.
Oh, really?
I don't know why you say that.
Everybody knows that us Japanese are great gardeners.
You are Japanese?
That's right.
My name is Yakimoto.
Is that your first or your last name?
That's the whole thing.
What part of Japan are you from?
Eh the Orient.
Well, actually, you see, my mother was American, my father was Japanese and they brought me over here to this country when I was just a small child.
Uh-huh.
Mr. Yakimoto, usually, I do not hire people without checking their references, but I happen to need someone today.
The man who had been working for me met with an accident last night.
Oh really?
What kind of an accident?
He had a most unfortunate accident with one of my rare trees.
- He was climbing it?
- He was feeding it.
You may start immediately if you want to.
You will find a coverall under the checkout counter.
Oh yes, and incidentally, most of my customers are important government people.
Should a congressman or senator come in, please notify me immediately.
- I always attend to them personally.
- Yes, sir.
I'll be with you in a moment, Mr. Degrasse.
The African violet plant in Senator Conway's office is picking up a conversation about the new M-6 missile.
I'm recording it now.
Have we heard from the philodendron which we sold to General Mulhaire?
We've been lucky there.
He ordered it for his office but had it moved to the War Room in the Pentagon.
Excellent.
Any more information coming in over - Congressman Whitney's fern?
- It died.
Send the congressman a new fern with our compliments.
And be sure the bugging device is well-concealed.
This is Maxwell Smart calling CONTROL.
CONTROL headquarters, the Chief speaking.
Chief, I've got the job.
Good, Max.
Now, you've got to find out what the connection is between Degrasse's customers and the government security leaks.
- Right, Chief.
- This is a very dangerous assignment.
If Degrasse suspects you, your life could be in great jeopardy.
I don't think there's anything to worry about, Chief.
He was a little suspicious at first until I gave him cover story 3MB.
- He fell for it completely.
- Fine.
Good luck, Max.
We haven't used that since Pearl Harbor.
- Will that be all, sir?
- No.
I want to check on the man I hired.
Contact KAOS headquarters, have them send me the photo file on all CONTROL agents stationed in Washington.
How soon do you want that?
Not later than 5:00.
That's feeding time for the Maricoba carnivorae.
Yakimoto.
May I ask-- what do you think you're doing?
I'm just pruning this tree.
Aren't you overdoing it a little?
Why do you say that?
Suppose a customer comes in and asks for a plant.
I can't sell him that.
No, but you could if he asked for a spear.
You are not going to prune any more plants.
You're not going to touch any of them.
You're just going to water them from a distance.
There's a customer.
Would you please wait on her?
Yes, ma'am?
- What can I do for you?
- It's me, Max.
Oh, 99.
- What are you doing here?
- Max, you're in big trouble.
You're telling me, that's the 12th one I've broken today.
That's not what I mean, Max.
The Chief sent me here to warn you that Degrasse has sent to KAOS headquarters for the CONTROL photo file.
The minute they see your picture, you're through.
Aw, that's a shame.
I was just beginning to enjoy the job.
I don't mean through with the job, Max.
I mean he'll kill you.
You've gotta get out of here right away!
- Oh, I can't leave now, 99.
- Max, your life is at stake!
You can't worry about getting evidence now.
Who said anything about evidence?
I have all these plants to water.
You've gotta get out of here before the courier gets here with the photo file.
That must be the KAOS courier.
Max, we've gotta stop him before he gets that photo file to Degrasse!
Right, 99.
I'll distract him and you jump him.
Max!
You distract him and I'll jump him.
Right, Max.
Hi, tiger.
Hi.
Just a minute, fella, can I help you?
Yes, I'm looking for Degrasse's office.
Oh, well, you're going in the wrong direction.
- It's over there.
- What'd you do that for?
Forget it, fella, I'll find it myself.
catalogue I've ever seen in my life!
- Why, Max?
- Well, look at this!
They've got all the CONTROL agents looking like flowers.
Max, those are flowers.
This isn't a CONTROL photo file, this is a seed catalogue!
Well, what would a KAOS courier be doing with a seed catalogue?
Because he's not a KAOS courier, he's a seed salesman!
Oh.
Well, 99, if this man identifies us, we could be in a lot of trouble.
I wouldn't worry about it, Max.
I don't think he can see too well.
This is from KAOS headquarters.
It was delivered with the fertilizer shipment.
Larrabee: Where'd that plant come from, Chief?
From Congressman Whitney's office.
He bought it at Aligie's Nursery, and Degrasse was a little too eager to replace it when it died.
- What are you looking for?
- If my hunch is right, there'll be a bugging device hidden here somewhere.
Well, I guess I'm wrong.
All right, get rid of it.
- Larrabee, look!
- Don't worry, Chief, I'll clean it up.
I'm not talking about that.
You've found the microphone.
- I did?
- Sure, look at the roots.
There's a microphone connected to it.
No wonder it died, that's a radio microphone.
What's that got to do with it?
Well, everybody knows radio is dead, Chief.
All right, Larrabee.
You know what to do.
Yes, but I don't think that's going to do any good, Chief.
- You don't?
- No.
- You sure about that?
- I'm positive about it.
We are talking about the same thing, aren't we?
- I certainly hope so.
- So do I, Larrabee.
So do I. What do you think we're talking about?
What do you think we're talking about?
- I asked you first.
- I said, "You know what to do," and you said you didn't think it would work.
- That's right.
- What didn't you think would work?
- Watering this plant.
- I knew it, I knew it.
You got the wrong thing.
I wasn't talking about the plant.
I wanted you to get Max on the phone immediately.
- Oh, well, that might do some good.
- Larrabee how old do you think I am?
- About 63, 64.
- I thought so.
- Why, how old are you?
- I'm 42.
- You don't look it.
You look 63-- - Get out, Larrabee.
Max, look at the wonderful plants I got for our apartment.
to be shopping.
But, Max, I'm keeping my eye open for the KAOS courier.
I can't just stand around.
I've got to look like a customer.
- How much money did you spend?
- Well, in this cart I'd say-- What do you mean, in that cart?
Oh, there are four other carts I've already filled outside.
-  - 99, you take all that stuff back-- - Your hose is ringing.
- I know it, 99.
Hello?
Turn the spigot off.
This is Aligie's Nursery, Smart speaking.
Max, this is the Chief.
We've just discovered how Algernon Degrasse has been planting listening devices in the offices of top government officials.
- That's great, Chief.
- I want you to place him under arrest - and bring him in immediately.
- I can place him under arrest, but I can't bring him in immediately.
- Why not?
- I don't get off until 5:00.
Max, that job is just a cover!
You don't need it anymore!
I don't, huh?
You should see what 99 just spent.
Max, if you don't do as I say, you're fired.
That's an idle threat, Chief.
You'd never fire me.
Oh no?
What makes you so sure I wouldn't?
Because according to seniority, if I get fired from CONTROL, Larrabee moves up.
How soon after 5:00 can you get Degrasse over here?
As soon as I can, Chief.
Goodbye.
What are we gonna do now, Max?
Well, the first thing we're gonna do is take all that stuff back.
Then I'm going into Degrasse's office and say Degrasse: Put your hands up.
and then I'm going to put the cuffs on him.
Did you want to see me about something, Mr. Degrasse?
There's a very interesting picture of you in the CONTROL file, Mr. Smart.
- Thank you.
- But why were you sitting on a pony?
It was taken on his birthday.
I'm going to kill you.
Just a moment.
You think you're very clever, don't you, Degrasse?
- What do you mean?
- I've been breaking my back here since 9:00 this morning, and you think you're going to get off without paying me.
Well, you're wrong.
You're going to pay me.
And then you can kill me.
- Ah!
- Oof!
- Which way, Max?
- Back to the greenhouse.
Come come, Mr. and Mrs. Smart.
You'll never get out of here alive.
Besides, I know exactly where you are hiding.
- You're in the midst of the poison ivy.
- Poison ivy?
Max, what's that?
He's hitting the fertilizer bags above us.
- What are you doing?
- I'm gonna turn this fan on.
What good is that gonna do, Max?
Well, when the fertilizer hits the fan, it'll blow all over the place and give us a chance to get away.
Good thinking, Max!
Come on, 99.
Now's our chance to get away.
Max, look!
- Max, 99, are you all right?
- Yes, we're fine, Chief, but that's more than I can say for Algernon Degrasse.
So that's what happened to Hathaway.
Larrabee, confiscate that plant.
I can't do that, Chief.
I'm not a priest.
Confiscation doesn't have anything to do with religion.
Take that tree and get it down to headquarters!
Right, Chief.
Where would you like me to put it?
Right next to your desk.
{END OF EPISODE 23}{START OF EPISODE 24}
Oh, Max, I'm so sorry I'm late, but Dr. Baker had an emergency tonsillectomy.
Oh, really?
I didn't know that baby doctors pulled tonsils.
No, it was Dr. Baker's tonsils that were pulled, Max.
Oh, all right, 99.
Now according to the Chief's instructions, we were to get down here and keep our eye out for anybody who looked suspicious.
Right, Max.
What else did he say?
Well, he said that something very strange and unusual was gonna take place here today.
Now that is nice.
What would you say that is worth, 99?
Oh, a lot, Max.
That's a Van Gogh.
Isn't he the guy who cut off his own ear?
Right.
He sent it to his girlfriend.
He must really have loved her a lot.
Either that or he hated his ear.
Now that look much better than the picture of the girl with the dumb smile on her face.
Mario: Yeah, that's-a nice.
- Mario?
- Yeah?
You think the boss is gonna like this one?
- He's gonna love it.
-  Max, what are they doing?
!
blatant daytime robbery I've ever seen in my life.
All right, hold it right there.
- Take your hands off that picture.
-  How's-a we gonna take the picture if we don't use our hands?
Rico, you take-a pic, I take care of him.
- Max, that's probably a priceless vase!
- Wait a minute!
You can't use a priceless vase for a weapon.
Hold it!
How much is that worth, 99?
- 99: Look out!
- Max, hold it, you're making a mistake.
Chief, thank heavens you're here.
These men were stealing a painting.
Chief, you won't believe it.
They were trying to take it right out of here in front of our very eyes!
Max, stealing it and taking it are two entirely different things.
They have a right to take it.
Of course, those men have a right to-t-t-- they have a right to take it?
!
I know this is going to come as a shock, but that painting and every painting in this museum belongs to the man they work for.
But Chief, everything in this museum belongs to the United States.
That's the trouble, 99.
The man they work for owns the United States.
But it sounds incredible, Chief.
How could one man own the United States?
What's even more incredible is why one man would want to own the United States.
Well, all I know is that a document was recently unearthed in Genoa, Italy, proving that Christopher Columbus claimed the United States for himself in 1492.
- I get what you're driving at, Chief.
- What?
Well that means that the nation's capital will have to be changed from Washington DC to Columbus, Ohio.
That has nothing to do with it.
Go on with your story, Chief.
Well, our country was transferred verbally to Spain.
Then a few centuries later, our forefathers took over.
Now do you see what I'm getting at, Max?
Does it have anything to do with the Civil War, Chief?
Max, what he's saying is that we took over a country that we had no right to take over.
Exactly.
According to international law, the document that was unearthed in Genoa proves conclusively that Christopher Columbus still owns the United States.
- Well, then, we're in luck, Chief.
- Why do you say that?
Christopher Columbus is dead.
- I know that, Max.
- Has been for a long time.
- I know that too.
- In case you're interested, Chief, Ponce de León is no longer with us either.
Max, I'm only interested in one man-- the direct descendant of Christopher Columbus-- Gino Columbus.
And he's the legal owner of the United States?
I'm afraid so, 99.
Well, we're gonna have to do something about this, Chief.
Well, we intend to.
The president is going to try to talk Gino Columbus into signing the country back over to us.
Now here's what I want you to do: I want you to meet him at the airport.
Did you hear that, 99?
I'm going to meet the president at the airport.
Not the president, Max-- Gino Columbus.
He's arriving this afternoon to look over his property.
Now I want you to stay with him at all times.
I don't want you to leave his side from the minute he walks off that plane until he meets with the president.
Oh.
Well, there goes our baseball game for tonight, 99.
Oh, that's all right, Max, I couldn't get a babysitter anyway.
One more point, Max: Gino Columbus is to be accorded the red carpet treatment.
You have authorization to grant him anything he wishes, no matter what the cost.
Man over P.A.: Announcing the arrival of Italian Airways flight number 46 from Rome.
Passengers now arriving at gate 17.
Announcing the arrival of Italian Airways flight number 46 from Rome.
Passengers now arriving at gate 17.
-  - Columbus, I'm Smart.
Okay.
How much is a-two and two?
- Four.
- He's Smart, all right.
I don't think you understand.
I happen to be Maxwell Smart, Secret Agent 86 of CONTROL.
Oh, well, why didn't you say that before?
This is the man who's gonna be my guard-body.
And I like you to meet Nina, Pinta-- Don't tell me Santa Maria?
No, that's Rosa.
All right, girls, you go and check the baggage and then I see you outside, all right?
Okay.
Be careful.
Don't pinch the boys, huh?
Oh.
Oh, same to you.
Mr. Smart, there's a couple of things I want you to do for me.
Yes, well, I'm under strict orders to cater to your every whim.
Your idiosyncrasies, your compulsive inclinations are to be gratified without reservation or restraint.
- Huh?
- Whatever you want, you get.
Oh well, listen, that's good.
You know, just before landing, I look outside the aeroplane and I see this place where the president lives.
- The White House?
- The White House, yes.
Well, I take one look at the White House, and I say to myself, "I gotta do something".
- You want to visit it?
- I want to paint it.
Don't take another step.
We are KAOS Agents Gemini.
- What do you want?
- Information.
Tell us what we want to know or you die.
You're wasting your time.
Besides, do you know who this man is?
This is Gino Columbus, the new owner of the United States.
That's what we wanted to know.
Mr. Smart, the joke has gone far enough.
I mean, it's very amusing-- don't get me wrong-- but I got a lot of things to do.
What you gotta do is come with us.
We're not going anywhere.
It's either that or get shot.
You wanna go for a little while?
Eh.
Good afternoon, Mr. Columbus, Mr. Smart.
My name is Borgia.
Borgia!
Of course!
You're the man who poisoned 23 people and a pair of parakeets.
- No, Mr. Smart.
- 23 parakeets and a pair of people?
I am Borgia of KAOS.
Okay, I'll accept that, but don't expect to have a drink with my bird.
Borgia, that's a Italian name, no?
I'm half Italian.
My dear mother was Mexican.
Mexican and Italian?
Boy, you must have some heartburn.
Signor di Borgia, I don't know what this is all about, eh?
Personally, I think that all Americans are a little bit, uh  you know what I mean?
But this is beside the point.
I want you to know that I own all of the United States.
I'm quite aware of that.
That's why you were brought here.
I tell you what I'm gonna do.
If you let me go, I'm gonna give you a nice present.
I give you Pittsburgh.
We don't want Pittsburgh.
That's funny, neither does Pennsylvania.
We want it all, Mr. Columbus.
So if you will cooperate by signing this agreement turning the United States - over to KAOS-- - Just a moment!
You can't hand our country-- -  - --I'm sorry, your country, over to an organization like KAOS!
If I do this for you, what are you gonna give me?
Your life.
- Go on.
- That's it.
That's it?
!
I mean, well, the price is right, you know.
Well, the price isn't right with me.
Ay!
Mama mia!
What's he got in his pocket, a printing press?
It must be a duplicating machine.
The copies are getting lighter.
Mr. Smart, we could spend the rest of the day continuing this childish activity.
As you have seen, I'm quite prepared for all emergencies.
Therefore, I recommend that you suggest to Mr. Columbus to sign.
I'm sorry, Mr. Borgia, but I cannot make that suggestion.
Columbus?
And I'm ashamed of you being half Italian.
You leave me no alternative.
Gemini, is the door locked?
Yes and we have the key.
Well, we'll give our friends some time to contemplate their decision.
I'll give you five minutes to change your mind, Mr. Columbus.
We'll do our utmost to influence you.
And should you decide to see things our way just blow this whistle.
He was just practicing.
I wish was in-a Roma!
And I'm from Venice!
And I don't even like-a Rome!
I wonder what he meant when he said he was gonna do everything in his power to influence you.
I don't know.
But boy, I sure could go for a glass of water.
I've never been so thirsty in all my life.
Ah, nice!
Room service.
Columbus!
Look at the floor!
The water-- it's not draining.
Now I know what he meant when he said he was gonna try and influence you.
He's gonna fill this room with water and try and drown us!
Mr. Smart, do something!
Me?
You're the one who's thirsty.
How are we gonna stop the water?
Go over there and see if we can find a way to turn it off.
It's no use!
It's no use!
In a couple of minutes, we gonna be under.
No no no, listen to me please!
I want you to blow the whistle.
I want Signor di Borgia to know - I change my mind!
- Look, Columbus, this is gonna be very difficult for you to understand, - but I can't blow the whistle.
- Are you crazy?
!
- We gonna drown!
- I'm sorry, but I've got my reasons!
First of all, I can't allow you to turn the United States over to KAOS!
Th-th-that's not a good enough reason!
Well, how about this?
I just dropped the whistle in the water.
- Is that good enough?
- That's a beaut.
Uh-oh, something is wrong.
The water's rising too fast!
It must be coming from another source than this.
Columbus, listen.
One of us-- one of us has to dive down and get the whistle.
- Can you swim?
- N-n-n-no!
Oh, well, I can.
So, I'll swim around up here - and you dive down and get the whistle.
- Uh-huh!
Th-th-- that doesn't make no good sense!
Not to you either, huh?
Okay, I'll dive down and you stay up here and tread water.
I don't even know how to tread the water!
Well, I'll be seeing ya down below.
Lots of luck!
Oh!
- How did you do?
- No good!
- This was the only thing I could find.
-  Mr. Smart, you pulled the plug!
The water, it's starting to go down!
Ha ha!
Whoo!
Now we gotta find a way to get out that door!
- Oh yeah!
-  - Max, it's me, 99!
- Hey!
That's-a my wife!
That's my wife!
You know what that means?
- That we're gonna be saved!
- Not only that, but it means she was able to get a babysitter!
So KAOS tried to beat us to it?
Yes, Chief.
But it was a good thing that Well, it could've been a disaster for all of us, but it's given me an idea.
- What's that, Chief?
- Chief: What is it, Larrabee?
Chief, I just received word from the White House: the president is ready to meet with Mr. Columbus.
He has a document all ready to be signed.
I will sign the thing.
And then I'm gonna board a boat and go back to Italy.
- Hey!
- It won't be as easy as all that.
Chief, are those longshoremen on strike again?
No, Larrabee.
KAOS is certain to make another attempt at abducting Mr. Columbus.
I still don't see what your plan is, Chief.
We'll let KAOS abduct him.
-  - That's a terrible plan, Chief.
No, hear me out.
We'll use a decoy.
KAOS will kidnap the decoy and while they're torturing him, the real Mr. Columbus here will be taken to the White House.
Now do you think it's such a terrible plan?
- Well, it's got one hitch in it.
- What's that?
- Who's the decoy?
- You.
That's the hitch.
You'll never get away with it, Chief.
I don't look like Columbus.
I don't even speak Italian.
Besides, Chief, at CONTROL training school, Max flunked torture three years in a row.
Goodbye, Larrabee.
Goodbye, Chief.
Max, there's nobody else I can send.
All my men are on assignment.
I can't pass myself off as Columbus.
Now if you don't take it, who can I send?
- All right, I'll take it.
- But Max, it might be dangerous.
Yes, but there's a good chance that they'll never be able to tell that I'm not Mr. Columbus.
All I have to do is to remember not to sign anything, because they'd be able to tell my signature from his signature.
How would they be able to tell that?
Very simple, Chief.
My name begins with an S. His begins with a K. Uh C?
lt'll take at least a week for the torches to dry.
Ah!
Welcome back, Signor Columbus.
Eh, linguini, linguini!
It worked just like you said, Borgia.
We waited outside CONTROL's secret headquarters, and he came out all alone.
No escort, no nothing.
No bodyguards?
No CONTROL agents?
Explain that.
Yes.
Well, I was on-a my way to lunch, and, uh-- - CONTROL would let you eat alone?
- Yes, well, when they found out I was a-going to have a garlic sandwich, - they insist.
- Well, are you prepared to sign over America to us?
Or do we fill this crypt again?
No more water, a little-a wine-a maybe, but-a no water.
- Your signature then.
- I no got-a strength to sign anything.
I'm-a starved.
You gotta remember, I've been-a swimmin' all day.
I sympathize with you.
I, too, require constant stoking of the human furnace to function properly.
- Gemini - Yes, Borgia.
Run over to Antonio's and get our guest some nourishment.
Well, what do you want?
You got a pencil and a paper?
- Shoot.
- Eh?
- What do you want?
- Ah.
Eh, yes-a let-a me see now.
Little-a "fettaccinonay".
- "Feccacini".
- And a little "rabbalalonay".
"Ravolini".
- And-a some "cachalatoray".
- "Cachatorini".
- And a "mastorolay".
- "Mastorolay".
- And a "riggatononay".
- "Riggatononay".
And some bicarbonate of soda.
Are you through?
!
Not-a quite.
That's the longest meal I ever watched.
Signor Columbus, you are stretching my hospitable nature to the breaking point.
Mama always say, "You no clean-a da plate, You're not get-a the apple pie".
Apple pie?
That's not an Italian dish.
It is if you put-a tomato sauce on it.
That's enough.
Are you ready to sign?
I tell you what I'm-a gonna do.
I gonna sign-a half of my name now and the other half when I finish eating.
Finish what?
I no have-a the full stomach, I worry.
I worry, I no sign-a da pape.
- But you ate enough to sink a ship!
- I know.
The last time I ate-a so much I was on the Andrea Doria.
Pfft.
Well, if he wants more food, then get him more.
I certainly don't like filling this crypt again.
This month's water bill is gonna be murder!
What do you want this time?
- You ready?
- Ready.
Okay!
Here we go.
- Antipasto.
- Antipasto.
- Lasagne!
- Lasagne!
- Mozzarella.
- Mozzarella.
- Marinara.
- Marinara.
- No bicarbonate of soda?
- Just the priest.
Signor Columbus, it's been three hours since you walked in here requesting lunch.
We can't stall any longer.
Sign or die.
Okay okay.
I'm-a too full and I'm-a too fat to die.
Where's the pen?
He must have ate it.
- Well, get another!
-  Never mind.
I'll do it myself.
You know, I gotta hand it to you.
Please-a, don't-a hand-a me nothin'!
I'm-a full up-a to here.
No, I'm talking about how you put food away.
You know, me and my partner, we've lived in boarding houses for years, and we've seen a lot of big eaters, - but you take the cake.
-  Well, I was just telling Mr. Columbus that-- Mr. Smart is the name, Gemini.
That call came from KAOS Agent Kovack at the White House.
The real Columbus just signed the United States back over to the United States.
Good.
Well I guess the masquerade is over.
And so is your life.
Shoot him, Gemini.
I wouldn't do that, "Geminy," you're being covered by a CONTROL agent.
You're bluffing, Smart.
Oh really?
Show yourself!
Max: You see, my friend, last night While you were sleeping, we arrested lower Gemini and replaced him with one of our own men.
Gentlemen, allow me to introduce CONTROL Agent Munchkin.
{END OF EPISODE 24}{START OF EPISODE 25}
Shh.
Shh!
I don't want anybody to see us talking to each other, Max.
Meet me at the card file and pretend to be looking for a specific book.
While you're looking through the cards, we'll talk.
That way nobody will know we're together.
Did you say something, Chief?
Max, I don't want anybody to see us talking to each other.
Open the file drawer.
Max, we've got to hurry.
There's a book in this library that belongs to CONTROL.
- "Portnoy's Complaint"?
- No, it's more important than that.
Not to Portnoy it isn't.
This book contains the names and addresses of every CONTROL agent throughout the free world-- with the exception of Pittsburgh.
Oh, Chief, who in the world would be stupid enough to put an important book like that in a public library?
I put it here, Max.
The most obvious place for a book is in a library.
And sometimes the most obvious place is the safest.
You know, you may have something there.
Agent Dunlap had the same theory.
He once came into possession of a very important piece of microfilm.
- You know where he hid it?
- Where?
Right on top of his desk in his living room, right out there in the open where everybody could see it.
And the microfilm was safe?
Yes, well, it would have been if they hadn't stolen the desk.
Max, somehow KAOS found out about this book.
We've got to get it out of the library before they get their hands on it.
- Right, Chief.
- Because if KAOS gets possession of this book, it'll be the end of CONTROL.
Who put the book together, Chief?
I did.
It represents 30 years' work.
Well, don't expect to make any money out of it until it comes out in paperback.
What does it look like, Chief?
It's red, white and blue, and it's called "Who's Who at CONTROL".
Well, we'd better start looking for it.
Wait a minute, Max.
- What is it?
- That man who just came in the door-- I think he's a KAOS agent.
Just a minute, fella.
Sorry, but this aisle is taken.
Hmm.
- Good work, Max.
- Did you get the book?
- Yes, right here.
- Oh, well, at least that's safe.
Yes, but for how long?
That was KAOS's first attempt to get that book, and they failed.
From now on they'll stop at nothing.
They've got to get their hands on that book, and they'll kill the person who's carrying it.
- Good morning, Chief.
- Yeah, good morning, Chief.
I'm sorry I'm late, but I had an automobile accident right in front of the building.
That idiot smashed in the whole front of my car.
Well, don't worry about it.
You're not the only one who's late.
Larrabee isn't here either.
Who do you think smashed in the front end of my car?
Chief, Max told me all about the "Who's Who at CONTROL" book that KAOS is trying to get hold of, - and I have a plan.
- A sensational plan, Chief.
- It's really foolproof.
- Absolutely foolproof.
- I really think it's gonna work, Chief.
- Can't miss.
- Well, what is it?
- Supposing you have a CONTROL agent memorize the contents of the book and then you destroy it.
- It won't work.
- Told you.
Once we've destroyed this book, if anything happened to the agent who memorized it, we'd be lost.
Oh, wait a minute, I have an idea.
Why don't we have two agents memorize the book?
Then if anything happens to one of them, the other one will have the information.
What if something happens to both of them?
- Huh?
- What if something happens - to both of them?
- Yes, well, why don't we have three agents memorize it?
And then if something happens to two of them, the other one will have the information.
- Forget it, Max.
- Well?
- Well what?
- How do you like my plan?
- What plan?
- The plan where four agents memorize the book.
And then if something happens to three of them, one of them has the information.
Max, I hate that plan.
Which part of it do you hate?
- All of it.
- All of it?
Told you.
Now we've got to find a safe place for this book.
I suppose you've already considered a safe deposit box.
Yes, 99, I thought about that over a month ago, but they turned me down.
- The bank turned you down?
- No, petty cash did.
Well, at least we'll know for the time being the book is secure in my wall safe.
Now, the combination of this safe is known to only two persons-- myself and the vice-president.
Morning, Max.
Hi, 99.
I'm really sorry about the accident, Chief.
I don't want to hear any more about it, Larrabee.
Well, I just want to let you know that everything's taken care of.
They just towed away what was left of your car and fixed the windshield wiper on mine.
Thank you, you can go now.
I just wanna put my lunch away.
Well, have a nice day, Max.
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.
That was Fourth and Taylor we just passed, wasn't it, Larrabee?
I think so, but I'm not sure.
Chief, Smart here.
We just passed Fourth and Taylor.
Right, Max, I got you pinpointed.
Fourth and Taylor.
Wait a second, Chief, better make that Fifth and Taylor.
Fifth and Taylor?
I thought you said Fourth and Taylor.
I did, Chief.
But as I said Fourth and Taylor, we passed Fifth and Taylor.
I'll tell you what, Max, I'll pinpoint you at Eighth and Taylor.
That way we'll both be there at the same time.
You may be there, but we won't.
We're now on Carver.
- Carver Boulevard, or Carver Avenue?
- Carver High School.
We made a wrong turn.
I thought it was a street, but it was a playground.
Don't worry, Chief.
We made it, Chief.
I'm now checking out the street.
Chief, there's a policeman on the corner, but I don't think he's a real policeman.
- What makes you think that?
- He's wearing sneakers.
Max, that's CONTROL Agent Foster.
He's a very good man.
He may be a very good man, but he's a lousy dresser.
There's also a guy selling ice cream who's keeping his eye on us.
That's Harrington.
He's with us too.
And there's a lady with a little boy waiting at the bus stop.
Is she with CONTROL too?
No, she isn't, but the little boy is.
Well, everything else appears to be in order, Chief.
All right, fine.
- You were right, Max.
- About what?
That was Fourth and Taylor.
Here you are, Mr. Clark-- your safe deposit box and the key.
Thank you, Miss Becker.
You can use one of the booths for privacy and then put the box in the vault whenever you like.
Thank you.
I'm waiting for one of my assistants to show up with some important documents.
Well, while you're waiting, why don't you have some tea and cake?
Oh, that would be lovely.
You do have a checking account with us, don't you, Mr. Clark?
- No.
- No, I don't either.
A savings account?
Christmas club?
Then, why don't you wait right here?
Oh, Chief, don't be so nervous.
- Max'll be along in a minute.
- He'd better be.
After all these precautions, if anything happens to that address book-- gone along with Max's plan.
Which plan was that, Chief?
The one where the 13 CONTROL agents memorize the book, and if anything happened to 12 of them, then the-- Oh yeah, the one where you threw the book at him.
Here they come now.
Well, Chief, everything went off perfectly without a hitch.
We left CONTROL, got into the armored truck, and went through a car wash three times in case anyone was following us.
The truck was dirty anyway, Chief.
- And here we are.
- With a clean truck.
- Okay okay.
Let me see it.
- It's parked out in front.
Not the truck, the book.
Open the chest.
Oh-- well, the book isn't in the chest, Chief.
You see, we just used the chest as a decoy.
Oh, that's very clever, Max.
Oh, well thank you, 99.
You see, in case we walked into a KAOS trap, I wanted to be sure that KAOS was left with an empty chest, because Larrabee was holding the book.
That's not bad.
Larrabee, where is it?
I put it in the chest.
Okay, Max, open it up.
- Where are the keys, Larrabee?
- The key is in the book.
- But the book is in the chest.
- The key is in the book.
Larrabee, there is a padlock on the chest.
Without a key, how are we supposed to unlock it?
I could do it, Chief, but we're in a bank, it could be a little noisy.
How noisy?
That noisy.
You can't shoot off a gun in a bank!
Are you out of your mind?
Man: May I see you people out here, please?
Good work, Officers.
He didn't do anything.
We were being held up.
When you fired your gun, he dropped his and put his hands up.
I'm C Barton Neff, president of the bank.
Oh, Harold Clark, Potomac Greeting Card Company.
- This is my secretary.
- How do you do?
And these two gentlemen are my-- - Bodyguards.
- Yes, bodyguards.
Why should the head of a greeting card company need bodyguards?
Because none of his employees like him.
Larrabee, give me a hand in here.
Right, Chief.
Was Mr. Clark in the navy?
No, he was not.
I noticed the other guard called him Chief, so I assumed he was a chief petty officer in the navy.
Oh, that navy.
Yes yes yes, He was in that navy.
You've locked the vault!
There's an automatic time-lock on that door!
But this is Friday.
Are you saying this vault can't be open until Monday?
- No.
- Oh, thank heavens.
Tuesday.
Monday's a holiday.
We're closed.
You mean they're locked in there until Tuesday?
Max!
Now take it easy, 99, it's not that terrible.
After all, they've got a book to read.
They're gonna have a lot of time on their hands.
The problem is there's just enough air in that vault to last 24 hours.
Oh.
Well, in that case, they're not gonna have as much time as I thought.
He's not making much headway at all.
No, he certainly isn't.
Come on.
What are you gonna do, Max?
I'm gonna use my shoe phone to contact the Chief on his watch phone.
Good thinking.
Line's busy.
Wouldn't you know it, Max's line is busy.
Maybe you dialed it wrong, Chief.
Try again.
All right.
I'll try again.
Still busy.
I'll dial the CONTROL operator and have her break in on whoever Max is talking to.
- Yeah, that's what I would do.
-  Chief's line is still busy.
Why don't you call the CONTROL operator, and have her cut in on whoever the Chief is talking to?
That's exactly what I was going to do.
The operator's line is busy too.
Ooh.
Call the Chief again.
I can't get anyone.
-  - Hello?
Hello, this is Maxwell Smart.
Let me speak to the Chief.
This is the Chief.
Oh, hi.
Glad I could get ahold of you.
How are things going?
What do you mean, "How are things going"?
You're on the outside-- what's happening out there?
Well, we've got a guy working on the door with an acetylene torch.
Is he making any progress?
Er, yes, in a way.
What do you mean, "in a way"?
Well, Chief, he's only been working on the door for a half hour.
We figure in another five minutes, he should have the paint off the door.
Let me talk to him, Max.
Chief, I want you to know that everything possible's being done to get you out of there.
We've sent for the rescue squad.
And Chief, Mr. Neff says that we should have you out in time.
What do you mean, "in time"?
Oh, nobody told you about the air, huh?
- What air?
- Well, that's it, Chief.
In another 24 hours, you won't be able to say "What air"?
You mean there's only enough air in this vault to last 24 hours?
Yes, well, Chief, there's nothing to get excited about, because tonight is the night they push back the clocks, and you pick up an extra hour of air.
- No, Max.
They push them forward.
- More or less.
What do you mean, "more or less"?
Less.
Chief, is there anything that I can do?
Yes, keep your husband off the phone.
And, 99, if what Max says is true, we don't have much time.
Now here's what I want you to do-- Air in, and air out.
Larrabee, will you stop that?
We only have a certain amount of air in here, and you're using it all up.
You use your half the way you want, and I'll use mine the way I want.
who can get us out of here in time.
- Who's that, Chief?
- Baffles, the greatest safecracker in the world.
But isn't he in prison?
Yes, he is, and it's up to you and Max to get him out.
Baffles?
You just missed him.
Will he be back soon?
I hope not.
Max, we're too late.
What are we gonna do now?
You folks got a problem?
Yes.
We're looking for a safecracker.
A safecracker.
Well, you've come to the right place.
Not necessarily the right cell block, but the right place.
- Are you a safecracker?
- No.
I'm a forger.
Oh.
Well, you see, we have a friend of ours who's locked in a bank vault, and we have to get him out.
Could you recommend a safecracker?
What does it pay?
Maybe I'll do it.
But you're not a safecracker, you're a forger.
So, what do I care?
If there's a buck in it, I'll do anything.
What are you paying?
If you can get him out of the vault, we have the authority to give you your freedom.
Okay.
My freedom and a buck.
All right, let's go.
Oh, not so fast.
Let me see the buck.
What's the matter with you?
We're offering you your freedom.
We're saying that you can walk right out of this prison.
You can go outside and be a free man.
What's it like on the outside these days?
Er, we'll give you two bucks.
Hmm, I don't know.
- What bank is it?
- The Bank of the Potomac.
Why didn't you say so in the first place?
That's one bank I've been dying to hit.
- Why?
- That's the bank where my ex-wife deposits her alimony checks.
Larrabee, you're wasting your time.
That door is a foot thick, and it's constructed of iron and laminated steel.
You'll never open it with a quarter.
How 'bout two dimes and a nickel?
-  - Hello?
Chief, we just got back from the prison.
Not a moment too soon.
We're running out of air in here.
Did you get Baffles?
No, we didn't get Baffles, but we got his cell mate, Freddie the Forger.
Freddie the Forger?
A forger can't open a safe.
Well, he says he can.
Max, he's a forger.
He doesn't know the first thing about opening a vault.
What's the difference?
It's worth a try.
If he fails, all we stand to lose is a couple of bucks.
What happened?
And where is he going?
Kelly finally burned a hole through to inside the vault.
Then somebody there plugged it up with a quarter.
That's ridiculous.
That hole's too small anyway.
You never could've gotten them out through there.
We didn't intend to get them out through the hole.
We just wanted to get enough air in so they could last until Tuesday morning when the vault opens automatically.
Well, you have nothing to worry about, because Freddie the Forger here is gonna open the vault right now.
Gimme the deuce.
Did you say his name was - Freddie the Forger?
- That's right.
I believe your wife has an account with us.
- That's right.
- There's no mistaking her account.
She makes deposits from some of the most famous and wealthiest people in the world.
Thanks.
She mad a deposit this morning.
Do you know who it was from?
Charles de Gaulle.
She must know him very well.
It was signed "Chuck".
Just wait till next week.
She's getting one from Howie Hughes.
Get on with it, get on with it.
I'll need a fountain pen.
Oh, here.
Use mine.
What are you gonna do, sign them out?
For me, the pen has always been mightier than the sword.
-  - What are you doing?
I am depressing the ink into the timing mechanism.
The ink will act as a lubricant, causing the gears to spin ahead at an accelerated rate.
In a few moments, the timing mechanism should advance to the point equivalent to Tuesday morning.
Well, that's terrific, Freddie.
He's worth two bucks.
- Shh shh shh!
-  -  -  Chief, are you all right?
I'm all right, 99.
Just let me get my breath, and I'll be fine.
Chief, I want you to meet Freddie the Forger.
He's the guy who opened the safe.
- Thanks for saving our lives.
- Thanks for the two bucks.
Larrabee, get the book.
May I have my pen, please?
It was an anniversary gift from my wife.
Thank you.
Well, now that you have your freedom, I hope you're not gonna get in trouble.
Don't worry, I've forged my last check.
- What are you gonna do?
- I think I'll take up safecracking.
It's a lot easier.
down to headquarters - and get him a change of clothes?
- Sure, Chief.
Come on, Freddie.
- Well, Max, where's the book?
- Huh?
- The book.
- The book!
Chief!
I sent Larrabee in to get the book, and they locked the safe on him.
- Come on, Max, let's go.
- Chief, what are you talking about?
Larrabee is locked in and nobody knows about it except you and me.
Shh!
Come on.
{END OF EPISODE 25}{START OF EPISODE 26}
Larrabee, this is the Chief.
Have you heard from Max?
Larrabee: No, I haven't, Chief.
Did you give him the message that I wanted him to report to me here in Chinatown immediately?
Larrabee: I certainly did.
You know me, Chief.
That's why I'm asking.
Never mind, Larrabee.
I see him coming now.
- Sorry I'm late, Chief.
- That's all right, Max.
How'd you make out?
Well, I checked out every Chinese restaurant in town.
No sign of the Whip.
I checked out every Chinese laundry in town except that one.
I found no sign of him either.
That means they must be using that one as a front, Chief.
That's why I asked you to come down here.
I need your help.
Wait a minute.
Look who's coming down the street.
He does look familiar.
I'd better check him out in the mug book, Chief.
Unless I miss my guess, that's KAOS Agent Fu Yung.
You're right, Chief.
Here it is right in the mug book.
"Born in New York's lower east side, as a child was always getting into fights because of his first name".
What's his first name got to do with it?
When you're raised in a neighborhood like he was, you have to learn how to fight with a name like Abe Fu Yung.
- I see what you mean.
- Bullies were always beating him up and then he was coming back again in a half hour for more.
He went right into that laundry.
Max, I think we found what we're looking for.
Now, Plan 4 goes into effect immediately.
You're to go around back, gain entrance and try to overhear what they're up to.
I'll stand there on the corner and pick 'em up when they come out.
Right, Chief.
- What're you doing?
- I'm calling Larrabee.
Larrabee, Plan 4 goes into effect immediately.
I want you to drive to the corner of 8th and Water Chestnut Street - and establish a roadblock.
- Larrabee: Right, Chief.
- Ready, Max?
- Let's go, Chief.
I hate that stuff.
You are a fool, Fu.
- But, Whip, I-- - Silence.
You failed to bring me the information I seek.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't able to penetrate CONTROL headquarters.
You failed.
You know what that means?
Oh no, please.
Not the whip, Whip.
Yes, the whip.
Old Chinese saying: Punishment is companion of failure.
That's enough.
Be glad I'm in a happy mood today.
Why are you in such a happy mood today?
I'm going to have a CONTROL agent kidnapped and brought here.
I intend to hypnotize him and send him back to CONTROL to do our work for us.
Why that's brilliant.
Centuries ago, this gong belonged to a noted Chinese magician, Ming Chong Ho.
When struck, it sends off psychedelic light patterns which will instantly hypnotize any person looking at it.
That person is then in my power.
That's fantastic.
I will give you a visual demonstration, but step back, I do not want you looking directly into it.
Anyone who looks into it will be hypnotized?
Instantly.
Now listen to me, Mr. Smart.
You are completely in my power.
From now on, no matter where you are, no matter what you are doing, when I telephone you and strike this gong, you will immediately do as I bid.
This condition will last for exactly 30 minutes at which point you will revert to your normal self with no recollection whatsoever of having been placed in a trance.
How do we know it'll work?
It can be easily proven.
In exactly five seconds, the spell will have worn off.
We will have our proof very shortly.
It's the Whip!
You rang, master?
- Are you sure, Max?
- I'm positive, Chief.
I'm telling you, Fu Yung came in, dropped off his shirt, picked up his laundry and left by the back door.
I was certain he was there to pick up or deliver information.
No, Chief.
Just shirts.
Max, I've got something in my wall safe.
This is what the Whip is after.
You're kidding.
That's fantastic.
I didn't know he played the violin.
Chief: This is the Narco 512 I recognized it immediately.
a weapon so new that no one has ever seen it before.
How does it work, Chief?
We're all familiar with the shock wave of a sonic boom which occurs when an aircraft breaks the sound barrier.
If we could take that energy and amplify it 10,000 times, and confine it in a small area, can you imagine the results you'd get?
A rock 'n' roll festival?
It's not quite that bad, Max.
What're you doing?
I'm gonna take it over to the Pentagon, Chief, where it'll be safe.
Max, don't you touch that.
The Pentagon sent it over here to be safe.
The plans have been destroyed, and this is the only working model in existence.
Until the Whip is caught, this gun is our responsibility.
Well, I think they made a very wise decision.
With me guarding the Narco 512, it couldn't be in better hands.
I've got it.
Excellent.
Open it up.
One won ton, one fried rice, one chicken chow mien, egg roll.
If we had ordered for two, we would've gotten sweet and sour ribs.
Never mind the sweet and sour ribs.
Where are the fortune cookies?
Ah.
Ha ha.
This innocent fortune cookie is not so innocent when it contains instructions from KAOS.
"You will lose your lover through false--" Fu Yung, you incompetent dolt, you ordered the wrong dinner.
No master, I do as you say.
I ordered dinner number two.
Look at other fortune cookie.
You'd better be right.
"Narco 512 has now been delivered to CONTROL office".
- Splendid.
- First I will eat.
I do not want food to get cold.
You're going to stop to eat now?
Of course.
I certainly wouldn't want to waste good food.
People are starving all over America.
You sure you wouldn't like me to stay here with you while you guard the Narco 512?
No, that's all right, 99.
You go ahead and do your shopping.
I'll see you at the apartment later.
- Remember, Max.
- Don't worry, Chief, I won't forget.
I haven't told you what I wanted you to remember yet.
Oh, that's right, I forgot.
You're not to leave this office until Larrabee gets here.
I don't want the Narco 512 left unguarded for a second.
Don't worry about a thing, Chief.
CONTROL headquarters.
Maxwell Smart speaking.
Good afternoon, Mr. Smart.
Do you know who this is?
No, I don't.
Perhaps this will help you.
J Arthur Rank?
Mr. Smart, that was the sacred gong which triggered the post-hypnotic suggestion which I gave you yesterday.
Is that clear?
Huh?
Mr. Smart, you will now no longer be yourself.
You are now a man of wisdom, of infinite taste and ability.
Do you understand what I am saying?
Yes, master.
These are your instructions: You will steal the Narco 512 and bring it to me immediately, and you will remember nothing.
Yes, master.
Max, you forgot to give me money.
What do you need money for, my dear?
To go to the market to buy food.
I'm taking you out to dinner.
You are?
You don't suppose for one single moment that I'd allow these precious hands to wash dishes?
Max, you're acting very strange.
Are you all right?
Max, I don't know what's gotten into you, but I just love it.
- Yes, Larrabee?
- Huh?
What did you want?
I forgot.
Goodbye, Larrabee.
Can I watch while I'm trying to remember?
Get out, Larrabee.
Wait a minute.
Larrabee was supposed to relieve me.
I'd better go after him.
No, Max, you can't leave the Narco 512 unguarded.
I'll go get him.
- 99: That's Max, all right.
- Max: What do you mean, "That's Max, all right"?
That couldn't possibly be me.
I didn't steal the Farco 912.
It's not the Farco 912, it's the Narco 512.
Farco, Narco, what's the difference?
I didn't steal either one of them.
If this isn't you, then explain to me how this picture was taken.
Well, I'd say at about with an F-8 lens.
I'm sorry, Max, photographs don't lie.
Okay, if I stole the Narco 512, then where is it?
That's what I came here to ask you.
Would you please ask it and leave?
I can't stand around here all day talking.
I have to pack and skip the country.
- Then you admit your guilt.
- I don't admit anything.
I can't convince you that that's not me in the picture, but I know it's not me in the picture because I don't even remember taking the gun out of the safe.
Chief, that explains everything.
- Explains what?
- Max's strange behavior.
- What strange behavior?
- When I came back into the office, you took me in your arms and kissed me.
- I kissed you?
- Yes, when I asked you for money.
Oh, well that proves it couldn't have been me, Chief.
To forget that you've robbed a safe is one thing, but to forget that you've kissed your wife, I don't think that's very nice.
Max, the picture proves that you took the gun, but the fact that you don't remember taking it is what puzzles me.
Now there's only one way to get to the bottom of this.
Have you ever had sodium pentothal?
Well, to tell you the truth, Chief, no.
I think he's coming around, 99.
Max, are you all right, love?
What happened?
The CONTROL doctor gave you some sodium pentothal-- truth serum.
You've been out for over an hour.
- Did I talk?
- Yes, you did, love.
And we know everything we need to know and you're in the clear.
Then I didn't steal the Narco 512.
That's good.
- You did steal it, Max.
- Oh, that's bad.
Not necessarily.
You turned it over to the Whip, and in doing that, we now know where the Whip's headquarters are located.
- Oh, that's great.
- That's really good.
Not necessarily, the Whip may smuggle it out of the country.
- Oh, that's bad.
- That's awful.
Not really, I took the precaution of removing the computer programmer which makes the Narco 512 operative.
The Whip is going to have to contact you again and try to hypnotize you to get you to steal this programmer.
- Oh, that's not so good.
- That's rotten.
Actually, it isn't too bad.
We'll give you one of CONTROL's new antihypnotic pills which will make you immune to the Whip's hypnosis.
- Oh, that's great.
- That's sensational.
I wouldn't count on it too much, Max.
Remember, you're on your own, and if the Whip finds out that you're not hypnotized, he'll kill you instantly.
- Oh, I don't like that at all.
- I hate it.
What we're asking you to do is a very dangerous thing, Max.
Are you sure you want to go through with it?
- You want the truth, Chief?
- Yes.
I think you'd better give me another shot.
See?
Like I told you, gun is like wife's brother-- will not work.
I am most glad it doesn't, but I'm puzzled as to why.
This is only one of its kind in existence.
You know what that means?
It means you cannot exchange it?
It means someone has deliberately made this inoperable by removing computer programmer cassette.
Then the weapon is useless.
Like wife's brother.
But condition can be rectified by telephone call and sound of sacred gong.
Hello, Whip?
Oh, it's you, Larrabee.
Give me that phone.
Larrabee, what are you doing calling on this line?
I just wanna tell you I'm going to keep this line open so the Whip can get through.
Did it ever occur to you that if the Whip wanted to get through right now, he couldn't because you're on this line?
Well, why do you think I'm going to keep it open?
- Larrabee, hang up the phone.
- You too.
Max, the next time you pick up the phone, don't say, "Hello, Whip".
You're not supposed to know he's going to call.
I'm sorry, Chief.
I guess I'm a little jumpy.
You have reason to be jumpy, Max.
This is a very dangerous assignment.
every precaution possible.
Now it's time for your pill, Max.
What's this, Chief?
It's an antihypnotic pill.
You'll be immune to any form of hypnosis for 24 hours.
But won't they know Max hasn't been hypnotized?
Not if he's a good actor, 99, but as an added precaution, I'm issuing Max this pen gun.
It's equipped with a cartridge of high-potency sleeping gas.
Oh, that's great, Chief.
I haven't been sleeping too well lately.
It's not for you, Max, it's for the Whip.
The Whip hasn't been sleeping too well lately?
Max, that must be the Whip.
Be very careful what you say now.
CONTROL headquarters.
Maxwell Smart, please.
Speaking.
I tried to reach you a moment ago, but the line was busy.
There is something I would like you to listen to.
I'm listening.
Mr. Smart, you have just heard the sacred gong which triggered the post-hypnotic suggestion.
Do you understand, Mr. Smart?
Yes, master.
Here are your instructions: You will steal the computer programmer cassette of the Narco 512 and bring it to me without delay.
Yes, master.
Well, it worked, Chief.
The Whip thinks I'm hypnotized and instructed me to bring the programmer computer cassette over to his office immediately.
Our plan is working.
I'll get it out of the safe.
Come on, 99.
What're you two doing?
We don't have one of the three of us, Chief.
- One what?
- A photograph.
Smile, 99.
Mr. Smart is here.
Show him in.
Fu Yung: You may enter, Mr. Smart.
I thought you said when your subject becomes hypnotized he's extremely graceful.
You brought the cassette, Mr. Smart?
- Yes, master.
- May I have it, please?
Thank you, Mr. Smart.
Now that I have no further need for you, goodbye.
- You're leaving?
- No, you're leaving.
You make a mistake, Mr. Smart, you bring the wrong cassette.
Would you like to try a Glen Campbell?
All right, Mr. Smart.
It's quite obvious you are no longer in my power.
Then it should also be obvious that you are under arrest.
Fu, kill him.
Hold it right there, Fu.
Your pen is no match for my hatchet, Mr. Smart.
This is no ordinary pen, Fu.
I don't believe you.
And now, Whip, it's your turn.
And now, Mr. Smart, I am going to whip you within an inch of your life, unmercifully.
Max!
Are you all right?
Oh, I'm fine, 99.
We waited as long as we dared.
When we didn't hear from you, we figured something had gone wrong.
Don't worry, Chief, the situation is well in hand.
Not only did we manage to save the Narco 512, but we also captured Abe Fu Yung and the infamous Whip.
What's the matter, Chief?
What a strange-looking gong.
It's fascinating.
I'll bet it's thousands of years old.
That is the sacred gong that the Whip used to hypnotize his victims.
No kidding.
How does it work?
When that gong is struck by that hammer, certain magic psychedelic light patterns appear in the victim's eyes causing him to fall immediately under the spell of whoever it was who struck the gong.
You mean like this?
Larrabee, do you know what you did when you struck that gong?
You hypnotized the Chief.
He's in your power.
Is that right, Chief?
Yes, master.
Well let's see.
Well, I want a raise, a few weeks off, a new car and I think I would like your office.
Yes yes, I'd like that.
You can take mine.
And I want the location and the key to the secret executive washroom.
I'd like that.
I'd love that.
And
{END OF EPISODE 26}